My husband who kisses me goodbye every day. 
our big house. 
my Mom. 
Maintaining my condo 
Had a call with Karen Fowler that gave me hope that this project can get back on track and we end it happily. 
Public speaking: Now that I have been in Toastmasters for 3 years it's much easer to speak in public and at important meetings. 
Had a meeting with Teacher Created Materials and it went really well. 
my two sons 
Staying calm when someone was completely aggravating my children and myself. 
Our animals 
got off early 
everyone was full of Christmas cheer at the grocery store 
did not have as much anxiety at work today. 
Umbrella 
a job 
being alive every day 
Clark brought me flowers out of the blue. 
Barre class was hard... but it went quickly & I made it through! 
My husband sent me a very sweet text message telling me he loves me. 
was able to complete most of my task list today. 
work for being my own boss 
Conversation with a great co-worker/friend 
a nice conversation with Carol yesterday 
1. 
My oldest Son asked me how my day was 
A very loving husband who loves me for who I am 
Milkshake - I really enjoyed it, it was coffee flavored, but once it was gone all I could think about was the calories. 
my family 
My friend treated me to lunch. 
My children 
Woke up feeling relaxed 
5 yr old mp3 player 
Family. 
My brother called. 
Being in an abusive marriage 
my family 
to still have my Grandmother living at the age of 91. 
Hearing from my sister 
My kids 
Spending time with Miguel. 
Having a husband who says "I Love You" even when he's having a bad day. 
Dating 
He moved on after I apologized 
Krista coming back 
1. 
I am working on a team I enjoy. 
my wife took me to the mall 
healthy. 
Grateful that my boyfriend is very forgiving 
still have a job! 
3rd and 4th grade choir concert this morning was great. 
Living so far away from my family 
A loving daughter, son-in-law and grandchild to spend time with - a close relationship with my mother. 
The time I spent talking to the kids about Sisel! 
My environment 
my husband 
my special friend came over and helped me mow the lawn 
My car. 
a roof over my head, wayne 
co-workers support 
make my own schedule. 
my dog Bubbles. 
Being pregnant and loosing the baby again. 
Work was quiet and I got a lot done. 
felt sick and like staying home. 
Fihished one project at work. 
a roof over my head 
Students made me laugh 
my co-workers that helped me clean my room. 
got invited to hang out with my neighbors/friends. 
No more walking on egg shells with my ex boyfriend. 
Take people out to dinner 
My cat, Maeby 
gods grace and wisdom. 
Bike 
saw a funny youtube video someone sent me 
Miss Nau's nice thoughtful gift of personalizing a big stack of 1st grade books with my name when she heard I was moving from 4th to 1st. 
have moved from High Dry Wyoming to Hot Hot Arizona and survived. 
1. 
my airconditioning. 
I was able to buy a beautiful quiet home on the mountain, I would be so happy to have a nice, safe place to live. 
my grandparents. 
husband 
a nice home in which to live & work 
My Family, especially mom and ruby 
1. 
my three children 
We had three treatments and a daily total of $270 
my children, for the way I raise them and the good persons they are become as adults 
so grateful for my kids. 
I own a house to live in 
My very good friend was very supportive today. 
My husband 
Got to go to bank and make change 
had a dream that i typically have: driving a car. 
Being able to call my Mom whenever I want and knowing she will be there. 
Grateful for a Beautiful home I own and Roof over my head. 
emailed and texted someone to follow up on their order, they will follow up with request to new product. 
appreciative I had the chance to wear them once. 
Talking to my mom on the phone in the am 
New Shampoo and ConditionerIt wouldn't bother me too much to be honest 
very lovable person and i will take care of every one who i love the most, 
shampooed my carpets. 
1. 
employment 
Kirsty was online and helped me 
my husband and him having a stable good job 
Gave my Bike to service. 
most grateful for my independence, I have a beautiful car to get myself around, a comfortable little apartment where I can rest and relax and the fact that I am employed allowing me to maintain my independence. 
All the animals are doing well. 
Fatal car accident with my 3n1/2 week husband who died 
Stephani, all that she does for us. 
Having a job 
chocolate 
Money 
Receiving a text from a close friend 
job 
My Family 
My boss said that I looked good after we talked about how I've been having a hard time focusing on schoolwork. 
U schöni Ussicht woni usem Wald cho bin. 
min fründ 
Talking with Anu. 
was able to finish work loads 
My boyfriend happily chooses to cook our dinner every night. 
My family is healthy. 
My mother inviting me for the day out. 
finished a proposal 
When my housemates have kept the house tidy and taken responsibility for their own things and even made dinner! 
this activity i choose to remind myself that all the stresses that have shown up lately, i have dealt with before, faith is important! 
Me enviaron la presentación para lo de BG 
My first Apple Mac computer. 
1. 
Students at school made me laugh 
Thankful for my visit with Karin this afternoon - for her friendship and support. 
1. 
Working in the garden with my son. 
Iam grateful for my children 
Most of my coworkers make me laugh. 
My phone 
Being alive 
When client listen to the flow i have. 
1. 
my children. 
to play a game with Melissa and spend time with her. 
awesome breakfast 
I have a job that pays the bills (mostly), 
My Family 
The present relationship which I share with my sister. 
schooling in the school room, they just did it, they liked that their activities matched and they could work together 
My dog Sophie 
Had a lovely cuddly nap with Naomi. 
My mum and dad splitting up.It was out of my control an i understood so much as an adult but that almost made it worse. 
Wake up with the happy 'rom rom' from Milli, my kitty. 
My daughter 
Being Healthy 
food 
was stressed, but my husband remained calm and was patient with me and gave me a kiss that helped me snap out of it 
Finished Admin Report 
Job 
Having my kids grow up into mature individuals. 
Playing outside in the sunshine with my kids 
Being taken for granted by my ex-husband 
Health 
got to work on time? 
so grateful to work in a place where I get to be myself! 
Cancer 
I am healthy. 
my coworkers, they always care about my life and are my closest friends. 
don't have to worry about being seen as inadequate by the people i want to date. 
we have such a nice home 
to have this well-lit, comfortable room in the apartment 
Hubby went to doctors with me inspite of busy schedule 
to have a loving, caring husband who supports me in everything I do. 
Blake Victoria Davis 
having a wonderful little girl 
I work with nice people 
all the amazing people in my life that support me in everything i do 
my husband washes the dishes. 
My good friends and colleagues that are there to support me. 
Yesterday I went to the park and ate my lunch sitting in the sun and watched the world go by. 
the kids got to see the pretty light reflected across the lake this morning. 
How to function socially as David's wife on business trips, especially trips I didn't want to take. 
A husband who takes care of our meals nearly everyday without complaint. 
know longer have to live with my parents and the constant state of their dysfunctional relationship. 
Steve and I picked a place for dinner and we both enjoyed ourselves immensely. 
1. 
My beautiful family 
My sensitive mind 
home 
The first thing that comes to mind when I think of reasons to be grateful is my mother. 
My salvation and the resulting connection I have with God. 
My yearly review... my boss was 2 months late giving it to me but it went rather smooth 
GOT WORK DONE 
Felt energized for most of the day. 
my grandchildren 
family 
my spirituality and my relationship with God and the many blessings he has given me. 
A supervisor asked said hi, my name and asked how I was doing. 
Grateful that my daughter Sarah is home with us for another day or two. 
The weather was nice. 
Alas I don't think I have ever coped with anything. 
My family is what I am most grateful for. 
the people I work with 
my job 
my children 
Healthy Children - they are my most precious blessing and I am so grateful that they are healthy 
a family that loves me 
My house, because it the meant a start of our new life back in MT. 
My children. 
Having a decent salary to live off of 
My baby 
very grateful for my neighbor/ my friend for giving me a ride to the hospital and back. 
have an opportunity to be a change agent in education for my district. 
Birds were singing in the morning. 
my dog went poopy outside 
My cell phone 
my dog 
gratful for my family 
Stress free work 
my son was home on time. 
NOTHING. 
The person I am grateful for at this moment (10/10/13 @ 4 PM) is Robert Brown Derebery, My Daddy. 
My home. 
my little boy wanted to play hide and seek tonight and that he can say the words "hide and seek." 
Getting to see my mom and give her a hug goodbye before she left for vacation. 
sole teaching me to cook 
My Kit Kat was not gone, he was hiding. 
fantastic 
New job going well. 
got enough training to start to do my job 
Sweetie Cat 
live with Kitties and a fish 
my truck, really needed more money spent on it than I wanted/had 
yesterday -- had 1st tenant interview, went well 
rain 
can get up from my desk 'as I please' to take a little walk or just move around some 
got all caught up on/at work 
the last day of my work week and 'all caught up' on my work 
sold something been trying to sell for a year 
WOKE UP, I AM BLESSED AND THE SAME GOES WITH MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS 
the hard work of my co-workers 
dress 
God always being by my side and helping me through my lows.And setting me free of my worries. 
My son 
took a minute at work to talk with my supervisor about something that was frustrating me. 
bbq at work/flowers 
The weather is so nice. 
have a chat with one of my close friends, Quang! 
handled my credit card mix-up with an attitude of calm, grace toward myself and managed to recover quickly to complete the shift with flying colors! 
Shoes, Clothes, and Books. 
The house was fairly clean with lots of summer light coming through, cleaning my room all day helped relieve stress 
a friend asked what im doing. 
the theater my ex holding someone else. 
one of my friends who studies in the UK helped me out on getting contacts with a tutor. 
having a nice and lovely family, relatives and cousins who'll be there for you no matter what! 
uncle taking us for dinner. 
completed the task that didn't like without too much stress. 
FRIENDS 
Talking with co workers after school. 
All the employees come in today. 
Ipad: happy. 
loving and supporting parents. 
have been writing down three things I have grateful or proud of doing each day. 
have a flexible schedule 
weight loss surgery 
Ice cream break with Elaine 
Came early from office 
Good health 
Wii Game 
1. 
Genuine kindness 
had enough money to pay my own rent 
going out to red bamboo with mgh and having a great dinner! 
was able to get caught up on bible readings 
got new top 
sunglasses, the feeling of using my credit card for the first time in an item was really good, now that they are here i dont think i like them so much, but maybe I DO like them, and it is a good purchase but i'm feeling insecure about it. 
have a steady job, a family that loves me, friends that support me, health, desire, passions. 
My camera. 
super grateful for the sun shining today, for the vitamin D it provides and the energy it is giving my flowers. 
was very thankful yesterday that the sun was shining....it was supposed to rain all day. 
family 
old work drama 
Alex who loves me unconditionally and makes me very happy. 
Husband loves me and called me. 
Husband 
Time with family 
my friend who keeps talking me thru this and giving me ideas to change 
i have enough to take care of myself, and the ability to help others 
i have a decent job with nice people 
i have the crazy co-workers i have 
handled having to move " get out of my environment"and then the aftermath... 
Got to work not rushed or speeding 
was told by Jake that i was missed while I was away from work last week 
Knowing that am daughter and Mom are happy and safe 
Family members who care alot 
My family, cindy, lilo, halo my dad and aunts 
my kids 
live in a beautiful place; some call it "paradise." 
the unconditional love that my two daughters give me every day. 
my kids are home with me. 
1. 
have tried today to enroll back into school for lvn. 
my family 
having a full time job 
Being made redundant 
Clothes- I would be upset if someone took my clothes. 
my family. 
It may seem silly but I am grateful for my computer cause it helps me study which takes my mind off of a lot of things. 
I have a girlfriend who really understands me. 
I live in the United States, in complete safety compared to most other countries around the world. 
to have such a loving and kind and caring husband 
My coworkers are hilarious! 
the rats are happy 
I work with Jo and that even today when I was crying she made me laugh 
Life 
my job 
so thankful that my family is healthy and happy 
there to always support me 
my boss made me laugh 
Cypres 
David offering to go get a coffee this morning and actively listening to me ... truly sharing and caring. 
my mom, my family, Evan , Tyson , my students, my job, my health. 
my boyfriend making a 12 hour boat ride to see me JUST for the day tomorrow, and leaving again the same night back to Crete. 
I am taking time off from school, I don't have to worry that my lab absences are unexcused. 
healthy 
Cora's x-ray was fine. 
seeing and talking to my son 
A friend referred me to this site. 
Family! 
My Husband , he is lovely man very supportive and kind. 
William and Mary clothesIt makes me proud to be going to the College of W&MBe proud 
live in a very safe and beautiful town with lots of great opportunities. 
healthy today. 
a home to be in - no war zone yet 
got to drive to get the kids...and not worry about them being safe on their bike ride home. 
Manucher took care of Kimran for 1 week when I was away in Istanbul. 
engaging friends regarding health coaching 
Sister and I didn't fight as much 
finding a good spot for parking my car two days in a row! 
Ropa nueva: pantalones cafe, blusa gris y blusa morada. 
my son did his homework when asked to do so. 
my boys are with me most everyday. 
resting and relaxing after yesterday's full marathon. 
waking to a new day 
have all my senses.....seeing, hearing ~ etc 
He stood up for me 
extremely grateful to be alive. 
was in an unhealthy relationship but decided to get out of it as I was extremely unhappy and needed to better my life. 
Having time & money to get fancy pink nails today 
my appartment is small but nice 
meeting new people and going to new places. 
don't have to worry about having a house, having food, water, electricity, survival in general. 
Have good health 
11 
having a roof over my head 
A family that loves me the way I am despite all the mistakes I've made in my life 
ecstatic 
my dogs . 
got off the couch and did some laundry. 
to have a job 
Quality time with family, eating together and watching TV 
Family 
Here are my best friends three best qualities. 
IPL GOING TO CHANGE MY LIFE 
no one asked me why I was out on medical leave, just welcomed me back. 
People appreciating the work I do on their behalf. 
Happy to be healthy. 
Myself 
Ate breakfast with coworkers 
Traffic to/from work: Jakarta's traffic is ruthless, but I'm so grateful for no longer facing that because my work is only like 10 minutes from home. 
Late to work 
Star Wars action figures 
Went to bookstore 
woke up earlier 
healthy 
was helpful 
Nancy mentioned that I had asked her to help in our financial decision. 
Clothes 
The sunshine, beautiful day 
my own offfice 
My son smiling at me when I went to pick him up from school. 
My health (I feel and look great) 
Victor went to Costco w/o me. 
people worrying about me 
Bobby made me laugh 
The "coexistence" with the ex 
Paid off loan 
C: complimented on my attitude 
My "other" allows me to vent to her at any time 
My wife 
offer a place to an old lady in the bus. 
A father figure. 
groceries 
Had sex with Evelyn 
Sjoerd brought me candy bars 
Have an appointment for a job as assistent nestor 
was grateful that I hear from my sister and mother today on Tango (online), i think i felt connected. 
my parents divorce 
My TRX training 
Louis benefits from my sending him text messages with info 
1. 
my decision of becoming member of the wellness centre and having found time for yoga. 
my wonderful children. 
pompom 
loved waking up alive 
Mi mamá me apapacha 
Estar sintiéndome mal y enferma, morir 
Mariana me manda mensajes preguntándome cómo estoy 
My mom took me to lunch today and got some healthy food and supplements 
don't have to worry about my mom - she's settled into a new job and enjoying it there and no longer commuting. 
The e-mail to the Fulbright community went smoothly. 
most grateful for Eli at the doctor's office being so kind to me and squeezing me in to an appointment that was very necessary and treating me like a person, not another patient. 
feel exhilarated and liberated! 
Its never a dull moment with i get home to my boyfrind, i love him so much i love being around him, 
My beloved Selk bag that keeps me warm and cozy through the winters nights. 
All the amazing comments I recieved about my blog. 
Coping with visitors to the office and being able to deal with questions asked 
being healthy and that my whole view of the world has changed after getting sick. 
My father's health. 
finding my courage today. 
having a place to call home 
Loving and helpful parents-they are there no matter what 
Freedom. 
Jim didn't let me stew and that we were able to talk about how we felt. 
I had a safe place to sleep. 
no one is home right now. 
my family and my good friends that I can relate to. 
my son came home from his first sport tour, all safe and sound. 
everything 
My health 
got my first A last week for my essay.. YEAH!! 
have incredible flexibility at work. 
love 
Carlos told me to not to get stress with work too much and proposed to bring coffee 
My kids being healthy. 
My 5 year old is working really hard to be more respectful and it shows. 
don't have to worry about finding a job because I've got a great one as a mom and homemaker. 
Felix played really nicely on his own at the playspace today which gave me a chance to have a real conversation with another adult. 
vfszgd 
indoor grill 
feel very grateful to have my hand to my husband who is a wonderful man. 
People who love me 
Having good friends 
of the effort I put in at work, I'm grateful that it is being recognized. 
iam happy when iam with my whole family 
a laid back environment that I can do personal work during. 
1. 
Finally got the opportunity to sit down at work and begin editing my essays for my graduate thesis. 
1. 
24, live on my own (read: without my parents), and can cover most of my own living expenses through my jobs. 
1. 
1. 
getting a good amount of sleep last night. 
1. 
what appears to be new job opportunities on the horizon. 
naps when I need them most - like yesterday, when I began to feel mentally out of sorts and later realized I was carrying around a low-grade fever (which to my immune system, hits hard). 
Steve who loves me so much 
the people in my life. 
Flatmate allowing me to live at his flat 
1. 
We got 1.6 inches of much needed rain 
Future gummy 
Genji passed the UP entrance test. 
Gensai, Genji and Glenn are healthy. 
My co-workers were impressed with the detail and thoroughness of my strategy draft. 
Family and friends who love and care about me. 
family 
the pay 
,car 
everything in my life 
had two people to eat lunch with. 
17.05.13 
my room, which is cozy and tidy and reflects my inner self. 
a solid income'a great teama wonderful boss 
Being able to run, pain free, this morning. 
was thirsty and busy; I asked for a glass of water (favor) and was happily given one by my (also) busy mom. 
my family that they're here with me and healthy. 
self employed so have control over my working hours, dress code and office politics! 
There is enough money to pay the bills and enjoy a few treats such as take-aways, and weekends away 
Today I have completed all the tasks on my to do list and have also found time for some creative sewing - which means I have a new dress and felt cuff to wear to my fair at the weekend. 
pyjamam 
Finally getting approved for pain treatment, by the most amazing staff ever! 
My family's support. 
Saw old family photos my cousins sent me. 
Being in chronic pain 24/7. 
The Dr's office actually called in a prescription , first thing this a.m. , which never happens. 
My jobBeing able to go to schoolBeing able/strong enough to be myself. 
would feel really happy, like I accomplished something 
my health 
my family because they are so supportive of me and let me know when I am in the wrong. 
The sun was shinning today and yesterday. 
my kids and wife 
1. 
met with a good friend for coffee and I shared my concerns but also we had a good laugh. 
being able to attend nursing school. 
to have a great sister who I can count on any time 
got to get chores done early and spend time with animals 
A loving caring man who adores me 
Zahvalna sam na tome sto me pitaju za ispite kako sam 
1. 
1. 
My beautiful pet bunnies. 
I have enough to eat. 
kids 
to have a hard working fiancé. 
certain students 
Glass lamps 
the simple things like sharing a cup of tea and laughter with a disable friend. 
my dog. 
when my friends tried to make me happy when i was sad 
Cousin : He relates to me in more ways than most. 
Help from Dad - talking about the future, different options, getting a timeline & doing some work 
my health. 
Supportive. 
I have 3 children that love me no matter what I do and say. 
My mom was kind enough to take me to sushi and pay for me to get a mani/pedi and a hot stone and acupressure massage. 
have a decent job. 
have a pretty good job. 
got up on time and did my run, 5.5 miles! 
Doing the housework while I slept - grateful because he didn't leave it for me and realised I needed to rest 
finding this site 
gloriously happy that ni was able to buy it 
Emerson, and his silly ways. 
the help offered by team members to ensure that a staff member could take his vacation off. 
House 
My pension, what a surprise! 
lost weight this week 
go upgraded at work today to Windows 7. 
Husband 
the professional status on campus 
My family 
have a great job to get up and go to 
cuddling with Nick before I fall asleep and when I wake up. 
My ex called me and we had a chat. 
books, videos and CD's, from a second-hand store 
Brenda emailed me that she's coming to the reunion. 
Chris 
my husband waking me up 
they match my style 
My cat Sebastian! 
Conversation with Jane, feeling reinforced about relationship stuff. 
new assignment 
Thankful for delicious dinner 
Going hungry, at least I have food. 
my son and daughter in law, Matt and Aly 
Having a full body with no defects 
My siblings. 
good neighbors who helped when our water heater broke in Hawaii. 
having a reliable vehicle that will allow me to travel out of town-didn't have such luck with past cars 
First and foremost, I am thankful for my family's health. 
1. 
coming home, unloading the groceries, putting them away, cooking dinner, all while the girls swam in the backyard pool-very rare! 
1. 
Thank god for Becca for sending me all the..... things. 
had a really terrible experience my freshman year of college with my roommates. 
When I was leaving IHOP with my friend, a car was backing up and almost didn't stop. 
Thank you to my three best friends for never judging me. 
really behind on bills, and completely mis-calculated my budget for this month. 
Tori & Ms. C Invited me into a group hug 
my parents and their endless love for me. 
would go to a travel agency and buy myself a cruise around the world! 
having a wonderful morning 
the silence and peace I find when a get home 
exams 
have a wonderful, healthy daughter who behaves very well most of the time. 
My grea job 
my mom 
Abe brought delicious food home from work so we could eat quickly and meet MG for snow ice 
1. 
work alongside my best friend :) We make a great team. 
My sons :) always there with a smile on their faces... gives me a lift everyday 
DivorceSeparated after 21 years my now ex husband had his 3rd affair within the last 6 years of our relationship. 
life able to lift 
to have the ability to talk to people. 
Laura sent me that "did you know" about negaholics 
My toxic friendship with that one person is over, she's out my life, forever. 
Laura has been with me since I was in 15, she has coaxed me out of my shell and taught me I can do anything, that the world is not so scary and neither are people. 
The roof over my head. 
didn't catch that virus from Tumblr. 
My assistant manager gave me a reference. 
My parents. 
Satisfied that I now have a fully functioning laptop that's an upgrade from the ones I have had before and not broken or falling apart. 
My parents. 
got paid. 
nail polish--i gifted it to mom and loved it. 
Thank God for my job . 
loving parents who provide shelter, food and love in my life. 
my beautiful family, healthy children. 
my laptop-so relieved I could rely on myself to do the thing I needed to at home work related or otherwise I I lost it I would panic and replace it immediately 
the killers. 
my boyfriend who always notice that my body changes for better after working out 
my husband came to be with me when I was feeling really sad and stressed. 
Having a wonderful bedtime chat with my mom and sister 
the tech rehearsal for my dance recital went fairly well. 
my recital, I didn't take everyone's stress in by taking deep breaths 
did several triple pirouettes and some good fouettes 
my first day of EBSI went well 
Kanatli ayakkabı Adidas 
I did not fight with my husband last night. 
New glasses. 
my kids. 
My customer paid on time 
My courage to change things even though its scary. 
My family 
Having a job 
iphone 
have a safe place to live. 
Supportive Husband 
VERY HAPPY THAT MY FAMILY IS HEALTHY AND MY KIDS ARE WELL-ADJUSTED 
my freedom to do what I want, not having to go to a job I don't want to go to 
Having the day off work to spend with my kids 
greatfull for my family 
My Acer that i bought in memory of my father last year 
my new cool jackets 
I'm finally hanging out with a friend because it's not good to always be alone. 
my apartment, my bed. 
A new friend helped me out and recommended my music to a music supervisor. 
able to be in Couthy Beautiful place 
EXTREEMLY glad to be divorced from ex husband especially after seening recent photo of him. 
Whew Rough day to ask this but needed indeed. 
stuart in my life 
Now I have a job I don't have to worry about losing my house at the moment. 
want find a job with no pressure 
Actually ants DID go away. 
Again 3 for 3. Thank the GODS I am divorced. 
cool whip lightlike plastic will use real whipping cream or yoghourt from now on 
got some extra rest with my sweet family nearby. 
work with a great bunch of women 
a loving husband 
creativity 
My day was less stressful. 
have a car and a home. 
People were very supportive at church in regards to my presidency 
Church fire, I went to the church and talked to the firemen and acted Presidential. 
Work was easy, even when challenged I didn't lose my cool and did my job by making my point. 
My piano, I spent over $100 on it and I really need to use it. 
found a job in my field. 
No longer sick 
we have our own house 
kids 
1. 
Bad marriage 
Spent the whole day with my husband and we were focused on each other, a rare occurrence lately. 
Spoke to mum on the phone, she helped me sort out my phone 
have learned a lot 
thesis 
Neighbors who are willing to help 
The putting in of docks went well at the lake. 
my kids, and all that they are. 
Having health. 
A computer game I recently bought that I quickly got bored of. 
I have shelter, a home to live in everyday and night. 
was able to catch up with my old friend Raz, who I hadn't seen in almost 1 -2 years :) It was like old times and we are still good mates. 
A cushion for my study chair 
got up easily! 
Breakfast at crackle barrel. 
having a home. 
Having a family who loves and supports me. 
cleaned and did laundry today even thought I didn't feel like it and my home is very clean 
being with peple 
1. 
A place to live 
to have a beautiful and safe home. 
Darren coming into my life. 
my home 
Sleep at work 
My best friend will make time for me in her busy schedule. 
my son. 
TV - Would be sad if it was gone and thrilled if I got another. 
My family is mostly healthy. 
My commute is on a very peaceful road that follows a little river. 
its my birthday and i feel great full to be alive :) 
the sun is out in the UK. it has been a sunny may/june so I've had a sunny birthday and a lot of garden parties and BBQ. 
one of my very close friends. 
to be in own apartment again 
discovering that I'm a writer and that my life is built on creating emotively and intellectually satisfying work through someone's criticism. 
fed the duck 
facebook interaction 
tv/dvd player--could enjoy "me" time, get lost in a show 
honesty 
My new walletI liked the color and how it has a place for all I need. 
a husband who loves me and has stayed by me for 29 years. 
to wake up everyday with a chance to make it a new day, a new life, a new moment each and every moment. 
boyfriend ALWAYS says he loves me, and says dinner was good, even if it wasn't. 
the dogs behaving better when the upstairs dogs are out. 
I"ve been feeling sick all weekend and my partner has been very attentive and patient. 
had fun watching a movie with Trey. 
My best friend is like my sister and is my number one fan. 
Happy, I feel like I have a relatioship w/God even if he doesn't answer me when I pray to him. 
Healthy family. 
have awesome friends 
freq flyer miles! 
LCD TVI was flying as i always wanted to have it at my home.It makes me feel proud that we own it 
A roof over my head 
Jeremy is home from la. 
shoes 
seeing my father smile 
When i finish all the house work and i could relax with my children 
my strong, loving relationship with Shane 
Healthy 
time to do my work In peace 
overcoming symptomatic anxiety at the moment 
doing all my homework, I am glad to be on track 
a leather jacket 
practicing stone setting, I am pleased I have learned a new technique. 
crocs 
Lucy singing her ABCs 
shoes 
A warm bed to sleep in 
My cats always cheer me up when I'm down. 
Zelf patienten gezien zonder de arts erbij 
every single person I love is healthy. 
have to admit, that my best friend is my sister. 
Grateful for being given the opportunity to lead 
My supportive Family 
Sofa very clean and white. 
Lifestyle. 
Being home, period. 
A new baby. 
The doctor appoint. 
Having the entire day to do whatever I wanted. 
A nice home 
nice e mail from a friend 
made progress with Mikey 
my friends helped and supported me 
my dad yelling 
purevid 
nice 
ipad - Was very excited as it looked sleek and cool. 
we are all in good health 
we did not miss the bus 
my neices and nephews 
I woke up this am and am alive 
Kids, husband, and myself are all healthy! 
my children and that they are healthy and happy and without problems or restrictions and are not in need or hungry and clothed 
My husband 
Having a good nightssleep, no pain, heard from friend 
Got my daughters stuff for college done 
1. 
Shirt I need something without stains 
My son 
my family 
Grateful, for the beautiful space, which I live 
I"m grateful because God woke me up this morning 
have a job 
my girlfriend loves me 
my wonderful husband 
we had good, yummy, food to eat! 
I felt good, walked fast, helped a number of people at work. 
not sick 
babysat for two great kids (most of the time) 
family 
camera 
4 healthy children 
groceries 
Family 
My Relationships (religious,personal, and family) 
had a few moments playing for Western choir this morning where I really enjoyed the music, I felt like I was really hearing it, and I could feel the energy of the students and everyone in the room was with me. 
My finances have been working out as I have been expecting them to. 
got the kitchen clean, and it feels nice being and living in a clean and organized space. 
Thing number one I never think about anymore is if I will have enough money to last me to the summer, and making sure there will be enough money in my bank account at the end of the month. 
seeing things dovetailing together nicely. 
my beautiful home; my safe haven. 
the new staff that came in and helped me on floor 
Money - I am managing well and soon my debts will be paid off 
Well, even though I slept in I still managed to be at work early! 
He asked me to go run errands with him. 
My bf made the pasture for my horses bigger,so they could enjoy more room and more grass. 
My health and the health of my family 
I have douglas in my life 
Family that is there for me. 
day off 
1 
1 
Noone was here when I arrived. 
Grateful to have this job. 
Our new Sony flatscreen is awesome...I now am watching lame movies & just enjoying the view...Everything is better...(ok hockey is still boring-but at least I can see the score now)... 
S.G. 
My husband does all the dishes every night 
Being single, looking for companionship, meeting frogs, despairing about a relationship-solved by my marriage to Joseph... 
My husband made dinner & it was really good... 
accomplished a new skill task in my 3d animation learning... 
Hot husband 
The naked bike riders rode by...Hilarious! 
I yelled & screamed at my husband, he didn't retaliate...He even apologized for one thing I was really mad about...Wow! 
Angelina Jolie stupidly had a double mastectomy, not researching the studies that show that women who do this still get cancer, but in the rib cage area that is left over, which is much harder to treat... 
I have someone that loves me. 
friends think highly of my opinion. 
don't have to worry about my mother's love. 
husband 
Ability to work from home 
Nathan cleaning up the barf last night. 
my health 
Excersize equipment- I though I was seriously goin to lose weight with them. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
I have sick leave and can stay home when I don't feel well. 
family helps with chores 
Co worker completed a stressful project 
My husband had a deck built and now I can sit outside, watch my grandson play and drink coffee. 
my friend Pat sent me a nice fb message. 
Graphic Tablet, I decided that I needed one badly and although it is awesome for editing photographs and doodles, I was frustrated that I couldn't draw that help with it. 
Two amazing adult girls that make me proud everyday! 
Kerry cleaned the car for me before Ieft on the trip 
1. 
would love to buy an animal rescue shelter or farm to start an animal shelter. 
having a wonderful mother 
my son helped me get the stuff out of the house into the garage. 
having a job 
walking 
GRATEFUL FOR MY HOME. 
JUST GOT OUT OF A BAD RELATIONSHIP: I AM GRATEFUL FOR THE PEACE AND QUIET I NOW HAVE. 
THE KIDS GOT READY THIS MORNING WITHOUT THE USUAL ARGUING. 
My friend confided something very personal. 
Leslie helped me pack. 
a supporting, loving family 
would buy a car, we are having a hard time at the moment due to not having a credit report so I would feel great if I could just buy it. 
having a good relatiship with my kids 
Being very good at my job! 
I am able to do the job 
Warwick MBA - I hated the course and was all along but made friends and passed all of my classes 
didn't panic too much about work and was able to relax and have a nice time with Sean 
phone 
waking up this morning 
devotion 
Zjahna's help 
my car. 
got the carpet removed in the spare bedroom and it's all carted to the garbage cart. 
my camera - it felt wonderful to finally get something I had wanted for so long. 
listed my core values 
hmmm. 
My commute was much more effortless than usual. 
deciding what to do after graduating college: Because I was engaged I knew I wanted to be where Erik was. 
1. 
having enough food in the house 
my family 
Grateful for my kids 
my Pit Bull as she makes me happy. 
bütçe 
Got a great compliment on my public speaking ability! 
Got to spend the day with my bestie :) 
was grateful to wake up this morning. 
Grateful for my hubby 
Cable TV: I'm not big into TV and haven't had cable for about 3 years now, although my husband really wanted it. 
home - happy to still have our home! 
so grateful for the tremendous blessing that God gave me a wonderful daughter and son. 
My home debt free 
My relationship with my Lord and Savior 
Father's death. 
Dinner was ready on time for dinner guest. 
My boys being there and being helpful, even if I have to ask a few times. 
my children are healthy. 
My husbands patience when I am miserable coming home. 
My loving family 
my family 
a wonderful family and great friends 
Cheez-its 
my faith. 
Don't have to worry about getting up going to work. 
Dealing with the stress of having to rush my husband to the hospital. 
it didn't rain for the field trip with grandson. 
course, I'm thankful for my reflective time early in the morning. 
We got both our car windshields fixed right in our driveway. 
don't have to worry about Lori, my partner finding a job. 
Husband; Old Job; Old Residence 
Beni has been a great person in my life. 
completing the morning routine 
A salopette dress that became sold out online, but was restocked briefly. 
was able to eat and not feel sick immediately after the food touching my mouth, or at all throughout the day. 
Rice Cooker. 
felt good this morning when I got up 
A quiet day with no new clients 
being able to retire from work 
House is packed up and the car is ready to head back to Montana. 
Preston loves and believes in our family.He is determined and puts tremendous effort into improving our relationships and keeping us all together. 
People noticing my haircut and saying that it's flattering 
Training for a difficult client - everything seems to be sorted out now, and I don't have to do anything else. 
Meeting with Rohini went better than expected, I need to re-learn to trust people more. 
my RN license so i can earn good money 
Iam grateful for my family,and the few close friends that I have. 
when my children say please and thank you and are generally grateful for what they have 
communication from spouse 
was kept busy at work instead of it being too slow 
my children 
got more stamps for my album and helped paul find more for hisi got nate on track for his sleep over i stuck to my budget for spending today 
seeing my kids 
Grateful for Stacey 
to know that my husband does care and it's just hard for him to show it 
My kids 
have four healthy children and a healthy wife 
Jesus is my savior 
felt relaxed, positive and stress free today. 
1. 
sold fabric 
my relationship 
Exit jury duty for Gabe 
Deepening clarity 
the ability to work for myself doing what I enjoy. 
my family 
smile from people 
My children's love 
My husband cooked for me tonight. 
Lee took Louie to daycare, instead of me. 
My Aunt bought me a television set and it made me slightly excited as I can see it better than my old one. 
I get to be with and see my grand children 
Grateful for the love of my husband. 
came home for lunch and my grandson had mowed the lawn, sprayed the lawn to rid it of ants and took some chicken from the freezer to thaw before preparing a delicious meal 
encouraging my children to develop relationships with others such as friends and family members 
Amazing volunteers that I work with! 
A friend came by just to say hello. 
the opportunity to teach or impart to my team all the learning that I have gathered in the years of experience. 
my new career 
My health I need to lose weight, i want to be in better physical, mental & spiritual health. 
My family helping me take care of myself and medical issues. 
my car 
ZAGG ProPlus Keyboard for IPad. 
my wonderful husband, my beautiful and healthy boys my beautiful step daughters, my beautiful and peaceful home. 
being available to get grandkids ready for school 
A good job 
have food and a place to live 
daughters 
always grateful for my family and my son Matthew. 
the family of like-minded entrepreneurs that I work with. 
Having great friends and meeting new ones 
my beautiful children mydaughter and son they mean the world to me 
A great set of parents,a great wife & great kids 
I woke 
waking up 
mom had dinner ready when I got home so I didn't have to cook for ellie 
My life and for each day my health improves towards greater health. 
My students gave me hugs when they enter the classroom. 
sober 
My Family they are very supportive of me. 
my wonderful boyfriend, Gene and my beautiful cat, Sabrina. 
Jason. 
my four children, my mother and my grandson. 
would feel great about buying all the furniture that I need for our new home. 
Read a novel. 
A job 
help others/make a difference 
My job,my collegue n my manager 
My baby is so happy joyous and free 
Good health 
ipad, watched my fave tv show, friends 
My honey snuggling with me 
One lady got better pain relief without strong medications 
have a nice mom 
Daughter had her recognition awards at school today. 
Mobile phone 
completion of works on time 
My sister and I had a wonderful, positive day together 
I have someone like Michael in my life. 
don't have to worry about the safety of my parents due to living with a bi-polar son who frequently acted out in aggression. 
didn't freak out when I was in a lot of traffic 
Visiting with Tita. 
Waking up next to Mike in a war King sized bed 
Today was interesting I enjoyed all my clients 
GREATFUL for my FAMILY. 
had quality time with my grandchildren over the weekend 
My home 
1. 
Due to my all singing all dancing line on the balcony, I can get four loads of washing done in a day and all dry too because of the weather 
Bad family relationshipsNot all family's fit - some people are just born to use and abuse. 
My drum kit: I had been wanting it for a while already and had been looking on the internet every day. 
My home and it's location: I live in an old school building next to Amsterdam's biggest park; very lucky with that! 
my Mum & Dad, for without them I wouldn't be here. 
My two miracles of life - my intelligent, good looking, polite,independent sons 
spent the day with my Mum. and I am grateful for the quality time we spent together reminiscing over past events of loved ones who have past over. 
Being able to take a hot bath, when ever i like. 
my gran-mother's funeral we were left with very little food in the house, but by the grace of God we ate something everyday till pay day. 
people appreciating my capacities and wanting more of it. 
bikedress yellow and blackdesigner earings 
my intellegence, i can now notice things before others 
My parents when they care for me, love me, bring tons of good things to eat, do every chore by themselves 
my friend S help me yesterday 
stephan ist ein geduldiger zuhoerer 
i got up early this morning 
listener 
my health 
A beautiful place to live this summer 
Thank you for having me for this cake. 
My friendship 
have got a call for a new job interview. 
positivity 
Having a job 
my bed, first one i have ever bought new, and i did it all by myself 
My parents have been very supportive in my care and want me to get help and live a better life. 
being able to relax after college, not having to do many chores. 
the rain came through and cooled off the weather and got rid of the humidity 
My coworker trusted me enough to confide in me about his personal life. 
1. 
this picture is very colourful and very bright 
my sons 
have roof over myheadmybill are paid up to date 
max was dressed and ready to go to the gym with no problem. 
Ben- So happy with him, but get so insecure. 
completely grateful that i wake up breathing every day, with a positive attitude and PLENTY of gratitude . 
My three books bought at Book depository. 
a watch 
Conversation with my son. 
non 
good people are there with you when you need them 
have a great job that affords me the freedom and money to travel 
my health 
Being a positive influence on children 
I see my children in the morning 
pleasant conversation 
Sunshine 
I wake up every morning 
Managing dancers in Italy. 
believe I have a generous nature. 
The appointment with my doctor went smoothly. 
I have been able to study at University level at this age and stage of my life. 
I had the money and no restrictions I believe I would feel that I had achieved something really special. 
My Partner. 
Laura was genuinely concerned about me. 
Knowing Chincilla and Squirell 
Grateful for my family and close friends 
shoes- I felt like they were new and unique . 
Nicholas & Christian cleaning their rooms and helping around the house. 
Freedom 
People starting to casually mention my business alongside well established players in the industry 
She listens to the details of my work even when I know she hasn't always told me about her day. 
My friend Tom and I are writing a screenplay together. 
i have a wonderful partner who supports me. 
gratful for my legs, they are long and nice. 
My own little apartment, and the peace and comfort it gives me. 
Having a comfortable bed 
My mother. 
miss alice opened up a wonderful life for me 
today I was able to get my work day finished in just 3 hours. 
I have a roof over my head. 
Airplane ticket to Playa del Carmen 
i have a great, united family, who loves me and gives me their love and everything I ever needed. 
My boyfriend who came to my house as a suprise with candies! ( 
He surprised me by coming to my house with candies and telling me all about his day and job.! 
spoke to my best friend today. 
My faith 
have the best team to work with. 
woke up again today 
It was a clear & sunny day today with a beautiful blue sky 
i have good sister 
Grateful to having wounderful mother. 
living with lovable mother 
Connection yesterday - much needed time together. 
J'ai des amis qui sont toujours là pour moi, même si je le les vois plus souvent. 
My best friend helped me to recover from by heartbreak. 
Waking up to easy money in my PayPal account from my creative work! 
Family health. 
No dinnertime hassles with Sofie. 
unfortunately i'm not grateful about anything. 
Camera 
car 
My wife 
received an award from students - that thanked me for being a good teacher - one that makes you "think" 
My fun new computer. 
the ways in which I can do what I like and pursue what goals I want to. 
Got the Laundry done. 
Family 
John supported me and let me rant about my concerns and said he loves me and that I can do it. 
My job, I have exceeded my own and other peoples expectations, I have transcended my limitations and succeeded at nearly everything I set out to. 
the transformation that is taking place with my team members and to know that the essence of who I am has been a big contributor to that transformation 
the wife I once was with...she gave me a son, which when he was born, was/ is the most wonderful time of my life; remembering best times keeps my perspective proper! 
got to have pasta that I was craving for. 
Spending time with Ashley and Ivan. 
Clean Water 
Guardian angel 
earning money for living 
Got to work at 9:45 am and didn't get in trouble 
Having a good job 
my son's smile as he blew the candle off his birthday cake yesterday 
health 
My girls got their end-of-school report cards and both were great! 
school holidays and the kids and I are getting on each others nerves slightly. 
It was the first day back to school after the long summer holidays, and our girls loved it! 
kids 
My husband. 
we had the $ in savings to manage last week's plumbing emergency, and friends to help advise us about it. 
Family - both my immediate family and my 'new' family - I am getting married in August! 
had some very nice new coworkers show me the ropes today on my first day! 
Previous career: I am now focusing on enriching my life through other means vs. being locked into my former career as a teacher. 
my sister-in-law who is always there for me when I need her. 
Having a Memorial Day picnic at my parents house. 
waking up this morning 
Grateful to have this job 
Today I'm thankful that my children are safe and with me. 
healthy and getting healthier. 
Left boob. 
roof over my head 
the family that I have 
Went to my mom's to help her with things at home. 
family 
family 
The sun was finally out and it was warm. 
My daughter and I went to lunch and spent some quality time together 
Two children bullying each other in my pe class.I felt good I came to the bullied childs rescue. 
got to do something that I enjoy but have not don in awhile(attending an artfest and juried art show. 
My Dad 
no unexplained events 
my awesome husband 
My husband took a nice, long walk with me today. 
have really good co workers that i can talk to 
love 
my family 
most grateful for my family. 
my job abilities 
Kim had a wonderful day. 
food 
actually finish a whole series of books 
was born against the odds. 
My pet cat. 
Peyton makes me smile and I so enjoy her observations and comments 
my son and my husbandmy son has a great job and is healthy, my husband is also my friend and my comfort 
my life,after beating cancer 3 times I am so grateful to be here 
my family 
my granddaughter 
MY HOME 
my hubby gave me a kiss 
Got to see the girls' first rainbow with them. 
have nothing to put down 
was able to pinpoint a new claim that will become a grant. 
having 4 beautiful healthy children, 3 happy healthy grandchildren. 
My family 
GOD 
truck 
my zoo-zoo and her constant support. 
every day of health and life that I have and the time to spend with the people I love. 
a roof over my head. 
Sunshine, especially during Field Day at my kids school 
My boss/supervisor understands my problems and is forgiving. 
have a beautiful walk to and from work 
our home. 
Baby Cat is eating much better, and he seems to be in no distress 
Non judgemental, open and accepting 
had an awesome time at curves. 
Health 
A roof over my head 
was able to resolve all customer issues today 
family 
My 32in flat screen television. 
very grateful to have signed to remodeling contract and get this project started. 
My kids 
My kids 
my husband and my kids 
Thanks for my pretty young sister. 
Mark said that I am the best he has ever been with 
keyboard 
New computer - it used to be so shiny and new! 
very grateful for my God. 
a hike in gorgeous weather. 
having kids. 
Having a good and true friend. 
text 
My health is improving 
I get to work with children. 
my family, friends and life with health. 
family 
Aplastic Anaemia Positive attitude! 
Accomplishment of picking up plastic bags in paddock. 
1. 
regretful for what God has given me. 
my mom and how much she's there for me. 
This morning we had rain and the garden loved it. 
still enjoy my oven. 
Today I'm grateful for Peter helping me to hang the mosquito netting on the terrace. 
My Wife being there and cooking a lovely meal 
Got through a hopeless audit senario 
Freedom 
mom's funny songs 
full that I have a roof over my head and warm blankets 
Heels 
House 
my husband met my emotional needs last night. 
Spending time with Greg. 
Steve has a good job and I don't have to worry about finances as much. 
had a ton of positive feedback from parents and kids about my classes and my work. 
they are incredible human beings with solid values and work ethics. 
The fact that Steve is working! 
my husband because he is loyal, loving, funny and he loves me as I am. 
my two magnificent children. 
They raised me and gave me good values,i am very thankful to them for this. 
out of my bad habits, just after passing my school i indulge myself in smoking and drinking, but thanks to the values given to me by my parents. 
Vince inviting me out with his friends 
Mum is having me here and can afford to keep me while I'm seeing something new 
my relationship with my son. 
Gratefully for my wife. 
My old and new friends who are so helping me - unconditionally - get thru this stressful time. 
Carlena taking such good care of the front desk 
My new job 
i can get up in the morning to work out. 
painted a wall. 
Spending time and sharing activities with a few really close, special friends. 
my baby smiles and laughs 
he wonderful people in my life and all they have done to suport me :-) 
Work has become less stressful and more enjoyable :-) 
golfing 
my girls giving me cuddles this morning 
Family 
of a toxic relationship 
at the moment i have a roof over my head 
My husband taking A to school for me. 
stealing this from above, but no one in my imediate family are sick. 
Getting the right paperwork to complete a background check, so I can go on my daughters field trip. 
got to school on time! 
My car 
Presently I have a career that is paying me good money 
Pride of business ownership. 
I have a job 
Rafa teaching me the piano song 
husband 
to solve tech problems 
to be surrounded by hardworking, smart, well-educated, supportive people 
Starting a side business while working 12-15 hours a day at my full-time job 
got through my morning To Do List w/ time to spare: I update my To Do List each morning & while there are one rotating items it's always nice w/ my timelines comes together! 
Vero Moda top 
my family 
health 
Camis- I purchased them and never wore them. 
my family who loves me unconditionally...love that is so true and so pure. 
the support and love of my boyfriend, family and friends. 
camera 
sandals - wanted them for a while, waited until they went on sale, everyone loves them 
having a friend present when feeling lonely!! 
Park with Oliver 
I have a family to come home to everyday. 
very grateful for my husband and our children 
My health considering the abuse I've done to myself 
I´m grateful for having a job that lets me stay in my home and just go to the office when I have meetings. 
When I was younger my parents were really sick and I worked in a different city, so I had to drive 5 hours back and forth every weekend to visit and help them and I was really exhausted. 
a good night's sleep and waking up to no responsibilities. 
Don't have to worry about and unlovable, cold, religiously dogmatic boyfriend. 
My children 
Not having a violent loveless partner at home 
Relaxed 
Went to gym 
Easy drive in 
My kitty cat companion and the kitties outside who love to hang out in my yard 
A fan because my apartment is really hot 
Warm coffee ready when I come in 
having a good car 
Having a roof over my head 
a great conversation with an old friend I participated in yesterday. 
My oldest brother. 
I have my mother, my father, and my two brothers as a fantastic support system. 
received news that my skin lesion was not cancer 
my family 
My true-friends, those that no matter what, are always with me. 
Nikas....I didn't handled it very well, but I did ;) and that is enough. 
Jack......he's just great<3 
I have a place to call home. 
woke up yesterday morning to find a young deer in the yard. 
I have a large yard with space for a vegetable garden. 
Having a great friend check in to see if I am okay after I sent him a text last night. 
Finding a job I love. 
Having a great friend in Ashley. 
1. 
Food, shelter, education, a job, basic human rights. 
Some of my coworkers have great personalities that I enjoy and it makes getting things done easier. 
I made a delicious meal without too many things 
The Bahagavad Gita 
1. 
My husband is loving, kind, thoughtful, funny, helpful, and intelligent. 
He wrapped me up in blankets before he left for work, and hugged me when he got home. 
new bedspread 
No fights with my husband. 
The encouragement from my patients in my next steps in life. 
was outside in a beautiful place & saw birds making a home. 
No more school to worry about! 
The work meeting wasn't so bad... 
teak table: I still love the beauty of this old table, and it fits my style perfectly; one of the few furniture pieces I've bought for myself 
My family first of all. 
a beautiful place to work 
Made an awesome breakfast 
My graphics tablet. 
physical therapy has helped my Parkinsons.2. 
thinking about the progress that CB has made 
Jim made dinner. 
Daniel 
Supportive co-workers 
Just last week, my boyfriend and I broke up. 
was talking to a man last night, and he told me that I exude positive energy. 
My B made a wonderful vegan dinner 
Being able to go to the Gym while knowing the kids are looked after safely and happily. 
Don't have to worry about money coming in with Hubby in a stable job and me now working part time. 
Our car trip home went better then expected! 
My parents and my siblings. 
Have a good employee.Shipment arrived.Was given notice. 
The first thing I am most grateful for is my family and my cats. 
would feel so awesome, looking good and trendy. 
My family and friends 
my kind and empathetic employers. 
listening to Grady and Ben converse about Grady's Hungry Caterpillar coloring 
my mother. 
One of my co-workers that is always crazy was decent today 
1. 
A home to live in 
Supportive 
My son helped me plant some roses 
1. 
Our daughter Meghan 
Our beautiful home. 
lynnie was happy 
work with colleagues who have sense of humor. 
it made me so happy because it was new, it is very fuel efficient, easy to haul things with it's hatch back, pretty color and cute! 
My dogs are with me. 
Excited, happy, thrilled! 
Mike brought home papers to be signed and we got them signed, so we are one step closer to getting our house sold & having the new house. 
A comfortable home to call my own 
to be alive 
new students for summer camps 
to be with my beloved spouse. 
Gabe's help packing 
closing on weber on friday 
No mater if I've broken up with someone else, Ralphie is willing to talk to me about it. 
spite of wanting to be in a romantic relationship with me, Ralphie will nearly always talk with me about stuff that's not going well, even the break-up of a romantic relationship. 
My nephew's YouTube video 
being able to go to brunch and the park with Emma and Josh 
I have an income that allows me to care for my child as a single mother 
Work from home 
CJ started talking to me again 
Healthy children 
mark he always makes me laugh even when he's being a douche 
have a loving and meaningful relationship with my boyfriend. 
A new friend invited me for a second friend date 
Looks great from pooja on NYMAG post 
My boyfriend 
My fiance--loving, affectionate, accepts me for who I am. 
the ability to get away from a stressful and emotionally painful job. 
Grateful to reconnect with Maxine and hang with her and her husband 
have friends who care how I am feeling and want to know what is going on in my life 
There were cookies when I got to work. 
Plenty of food 
We still have a roof over our head 
had more time to sleep 
Social circle tends to like my new self portrait 
Even though I'm still waiting for starting the job Ive got offered, for the time being I can use a bathtub (I wont have access to one when I start to work) :) 
Didnt have a headache before going to sleep as usual, slept well and havent had weird dreams. 
my laptop. 
to my boyfriend who is always so lovely :) who cooked dinner and took the trash out :) 
the whole weekend, managed to control the flow of emotions, clear about it. 
Having a wonderful son like Andrei :) 
My lovely cat 
very healthy over all. 
taking my daughter to get hair & nails done before prom today 
I've helped my daughter control her anxiety through reiki, breathing techniques and walks on the beach. 
My Bonaventure friends came to town for a visit. 
got a sunburn playing kickball with my friends and family yesterday. 
Being able to witness kids gain skills and knowledge about the world around them and themselves. 
my job 
HAd a good workout at gym 
parking in the new garage 
The food that i get from my work place 
mobila dormitor/ living 
moving to small town of Fort Payne where life is more simple and less hurried with a lowered cost of living! 
Rich and Helen laughing in the kitchen. 
work with mom's and babies 
my loving parents and their support in everything I want to do. 
My education as I'm pursuing MBA in one of the best business schools. 
My dad bought me flowers for my garden bed. 
My husband went out of his way to bring me the medicine I forgot. 
got to work quickly without an accident. 
We were approved for a loan modification that we can afford! 
Created a spreadsheet to track phone traffic per department and day that helps the marketing people and the management without having it assigned to me. 
my me time without interruption. 
no longer worried about whether my Momma is suffering in pain....because she has made her transition. 
had a great long, uninterrupted bath. 
My co-workers offering me support while my mom is going to see the doctor. 
flinch helped me with the fan and the vacuum when I was sick and melting down, even though he was tired. 
have a partner who loves me and does not want to give up on me. 
DONE WITH SCHOOL! 
had a swift and uncomplicated commute to work this morning. 
breathing 
being able to help my sister 
one don't take things for granted , 
Karen sent me a text and said she was thinking of me, and asked how I was doing! 
Julia successfully completing a fabulous 2nd grade year. 
my dogs 
My husband 
My roomie write me a text expressing her excitement about seeing me perform 
We are close to goal and i know I worked hard to help us get there 
Husband is kind and loving and lives me even when I don't love myself 
Our health 
My husbands help in the garden, when we work together it makes things go faster and better. 
being able to look at a house on the water with friend and husband 
Elijah seemed confident and prepared for his science experiment today. 
Happy healthy son 
My husband fixes me coffee every morning and brings it to the bathroom where I am getting ready. 
Work stress with a certain individual. 
got to work a little early and had time to go through my a.m. 
today I stayed home from work, and my boss sent a text to me encouraging me to 'take care". 
having silly times with my husband. 
don't have to worry about school! 
got out of bed on time. 
My supportive husband who has encouraged me to find the career path that makes me happy! 
Selling my condo 
Open House for the condo 
The heads up I got from the repair man about the air conditioner unit 
My children- they're adorable and cuddly and cute. 
can connect to friends through social media and emails. 
My dad is still alive 
being in the home without being rejected 
Beverly cooking me breakfast 
New home: Putting it on the market will not have a home to go to. 
working with children and loving them and being seen by them. 
Ronnie talked to me for hours when my cat died. 
My family's support throughout my work problems. 
Grateful I was able to move my desk 
food 
i have the ability to eat out with my family once a week. 
meeting my old "cell mate" Laura for a drink after work 
Making school lunches! 
My new car 
Anton came to meet me at work, then Lauren and Josh hung out with me all night. 
My room mate. 
Benjamin cleaned the dishes without complaining 
Health 
always grateful for everything I work so hard for. 
I live on my own and can support myself. 
Sense of humor- We have this ongoing joke about hiding each other's belongings. 
went to my sister's house during my lunch break and my niece and nephew ran up and gave me two big hugs. 
time with my son 
having my son to love an help me grow as a mother 
I have a job in which I can help people 
My boss made me laugh by doing an impression of a person who we have to work with who is difficult. 
My dad's memorial service - I wrote a speech and delivered it without breaking down. 
my partner 
to be part of a teamwork that earned a 2013 excellence prize. 
the stress from my marriage is gone. 
took a shower by myself! 
to have a job 
Having a nice home to live in. 
Being able to go on a nice walk at lunch 
ipad! 
AG and wife brought in pretty flowers for the office 
complete and extreme excitement 
MODERN SCIENCE AND MEDECINE! 
My children 
to have a job 
so grateful that my daughter had the courage to go on a school trip to an amusement park today. 
Family 
I have a home. 
1. 
The first aid instructor being nice 
Was open and honest with Shawna 
Lorrie said I had nice even skin tone 
My best friend. 
met someone today who will be an asset to our company and that made me happy 
didn't use drugs or alcohol. 
Mike is a wonderful husband who lovingly made breakfast for us this morning. 
Accepts and loves me just as I am. 
the first meeting with outside partner for my start-up. 
Matt for being the love of my life. 
being able to wake up in my own home and have a job to go to in the morning. 
Laughing with my co-workers 
My wonderful husband. 
my husband 
a loving husband who takes care of me and is always considered 
Opening my pool and realizing I have a pool! 
My kitchen aid stand mixer 
my family 
getting the rest I need 
My parents are healthy 
have been able to cook dinner every night this week. 
my daughter and my sisters. 
have food in my house, I have a great family and Melissa is a wonderful friend. 
a stable home with loving daughters and a happy husband. 
don't have to worry about moving for a long time. 
Very understanding and accepting 
My family. 
Lilia's smiling face every morning 
Lynae messaged that her clients really loved their engagement photos that she took. 
to be able to have a cup of coffee in the morning with the man I love most in the world Michael. 
a promising returned phone call about work 
Time to relax. 
Having a roof over my head. 
Having some happy to see me after they'd been away for awhile. 
My husband thinks of me during the day and calls just to say "I love you". 
My Life 
to wake up next to my love and the kitties every morning. 
sandale 
my pets 
have a full time job 
1. 
The first thing that brightened my day was playing with my dogs. 
the comfort and peace of my home. 
I can see the light even in my darkest moments. 
My teenage son hugged and said I love you out of the blue . 
my parents 
my daughter 
my job that allows me to work from home. 
Changed oil in car without problems 
my amazing mother who cares so much about me.In general I am thankful for my family. 
gratefull for my family and friends 
1. 
Right now I don't have to worry about being overweight, as I've managed to lose weight to a healthy level :) 
New Cell phone - loved the new technology and access to so much information - i would have to use an alarm clock if I did not have my phone and I wouldn't have a way for anyone to get a hold of me 
I have my own home and nice yard to call my own. 
my life 
Produced a design of an ad that I liked and it got complimented. 
Darren making us a coffee. 
My health and I still have a sound mind 
able to get chores done 
My mother lives with me and she always is there for me to make me feel better when I need her 
I got a hair cut today and got to talk to Jessica 
Great conversations with 2 of my managing leaders where they sought my opinion and confirmed they view me as a colleague....an equal partner 
Sunshine & blue sky 
having a safe, warm place to live in 
was able to fix a outstanding computer problem for a co-worker. 
zelly 
got to Skype with my good friend Sonnette. 
My close friends; just because I don't have a ton of friends doesn't mean that I'm unlovable. 
Today, one of the people I was working with talked about her mother. 
Ellen called just to say hi. 
Having a hired cleaning person clean the bathroom and kitchen 
I have a roof over my head and that we are able to pay our bills. 
My work mates make me laugh. 
Chats with Megan. 
sang very well 
Hugs 
1. 
1. 
finding a business partner with similar designing aesthetics. 
the flexibility that I have with my schedule and my responsibilties. 
Staying home with my kids 
my mother is independent and has many friends and activities. 
Dress - It makes me feel feminine and attractive and I can get my legs out. 
that i was finally able to land a job after going for months without one. 
Craig is looking after me even though it feels harsh at times. 
My family loves me - I feel loved by my mom, dad, brothers and all my family. 
having Joshua to talk to my dreams, my fears, and what I want out of life. 
was happy to hang up pictures 
Get to work on things I really love. 
Fish tank. 
Adam is very loyal, and I am incredibly grateful for that. 
Relationship stress. 
my children 
My wonderful son 
Katherine Rita Kirche, such a beautiful soul. 
My house 
That Steve and I ran errands together this morning. 
1. 
Going to the dentist is incredibly stressful to me. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
My condo-I can paint the walls whatever colour I wanted. 
My compassion-I am grateful that most of the time I am able to put myself in others shoes 
I have a roof over my head that my Mom and Dad worked so hard to have. 
Real Estate Course. 
was offered an extra project to make some more money 
No more essays and exams as I've finished university 
Hubby was able to fix his radiator all by himself and found money on the ground ! 
My boss shook my hand to congratulate me for closing a deal 
a home for the next few years makes me feel at peace 
I have friends that call me every day 
Ken said he would write letter of reference for me 
Tim 
great ful for my health which has enabled me to walk around for 6 hours. 
My husband, and that as I go to this wedding tonight with my colleagues, I can enjoy it with my husband I can dance with him, and sing with him, cry during the vows with him next to me. 
Guinness. 
Having Siti as my document controller - She is very positive, clear, hard-working, team player and motivating. 
Heard from a friend --dble. 
enjoy what i do 
My team is efficient and help me a lot to achieve our department goals 
My family are healthy 
my apartment 
my house 
Biscuits and cheese given by Vera 
Friends checked on me today 
Recently purchased a 'previously owned' new car. 
Todd was at work when I arrived. 
The ability to work out 
woke up 
health, career, intelligence 
really grateful for my wonderful husband. 
had fun reading today with my group. 
My creamy sofa in my room 
having high quality time with both my kids today 
rollerblades 
to be able to go out and enjoy dinner with friends 
taking steps to living a fulfilled life 
House 
John was in a good mood 
My ability to take care of myself. 
Having a roof over my head 
netflix-good free shows all the time would miss it a lot 
My mom 
Mom had transplant 
My parents who show me unconditional love 
Health 
Bill pulled over to help me with my flat tire and drive me to work. 
don't have to worry about getting a job. 
Danielle's goodbye 
The mentor meeting did NOT go wrong today. 
Students that make the day enjoyable. 
How my husband made me feel special and loved on my birthday 
seeing a double rainbow today after a storm 
woke up today 
making colleagues laugh and vice versa 
my coworkers were helpful today and did not act negatively towards me 
JaCari ate dinner and ate what I offered him and didn't make me cook something different. 
Night walks around the neighborhood with mom 
Excitement, material wealth, giddiness, hope, happiness 
Access to clean, organic, whole foods 
don't have to ge out the door 
live in my dream city, New York City. 
Mr Dawoud liked my service and wants me to write a column for his paper 
Help from alice with files 
Felt like I did not do anything wrong. 
My wife makes me happy and being able to spend time with I her. 
good health. 
Commute was less stressful. 
My friend reached out to me about a health concern 
People Needing Me 
New shoes - they make my feet happy and they are a great colour 
Family is above the most important 
I have a boss that trusts I will get my work completed & it will be accurate without micromanaging me. 
I've moved out I don't feel as much stress about my parent's financial situation 
my friends and family. 
I've packed on a few pounds so I'd buy a new wardrobe where the clothes 100% fit. 
Able to have a quiet breakfast and at the same time watch some news on the side. 
Recently ended a relationship. 
I-Pad 
the love that I have 
Being at home with my son 
My feedback was sought out and appreciated 
Shelter 
my dog and cat...watching then, caring for them, spending time with them, hugging and petting them each and every day! 
Josh came over! 
my improving health. 
the house is still tidy 
I talked to Beth for 2 hours. 
my wonderful life. 
Washing machine - relief that I could now get my washing done. 
My friend who has a hectic schedule came by to drop off a magazine containing an article that I need to read :-) so kind 
getting the work done 
My new job ! 
An unhealthy relationship. 
I can skype with friends at home pretty often 
Can talk about anything and everything, even when there's not much to say 
Work 
That it's not raining like crazy 
Ange got me a yummy lunch 
got the job today 
My cats appreciated their new treats and food. 
People reach out - old friends that lets me know they are thinking about me. 
Positive interaction with all clients. 
got to walk to and from work in the sunshine, feeling the warm breezes refreshing my state of mind. 
Help during the Chem Lab. 
My daughter and husband 
my family 
My friends responded to my query about bkk 
I finished my dept. 
Therese says that I encouraged her more to succeed in her small business. 
Work was very busy one day. 
Supportive and caring coworkers /awesome mentor 
My husband - how long we've been together and how happy I am when I see him. 
The love of my husband 
My son is getting married in 2 days and I can't be there. 
my husband is the love of my life. 
have a really flexible job with lots of opportunity to learn and grow myself and my career. 
very relieved our son is healthy and back to his happy self. 
my boss was very happy with my work 
My home. 
new car 
My sister - she makes time for me. 
Dad's health 
The Interwebs has given me a wonderful opportunity to connect with loved ones who don't live close by. 
Able to work with slight flexi hours compared to others. 
drawing something I love 
my family, mother, father, brother 
My husband. 
My husbandMy healthMy kids 
Watching my first son being born 
My friend called to see how I was doing and catch up. 
Grateful that my kids are healthy 
a nice e-mail a mother sent me thanking me for having taught her daughter in such a way that she enjoys learning, speaking etc. 
to be alive, to have the friends and family I have. 
Having a bed to myself to sleep peacefully, and sleeping very well these last few weeks. 
Having somebody I love very much in my life, and having his support even though it's long distance. 
can drive. 
The backpack- because I can not go out anywhere to a gym or workout without it. 
Having food prepared for me 
My mum 
having such nice and supportive parents. 
my home 
My home Past / Present / Future 
my beautiful home .... everything in my home! 
my beautiful home and the awesome town I live in 
The amazing people who post the beautiful photos and share interesting ideas that I viewed on Pintrest make me feel proud of humanity. 
Monday's - my day to rejuvenate and refresh in peace and quiet and set my week up for success and love! 
My husband helps me cook dinner with a great attitude, and he's good at it 
Having another day to live and enjoy it with the people I love. 
MG~she is such a thoughtful person and try so hard to cheer me up, even thought I still stuck in bad mood. 
my wife taking care of things around the house 
A friend sent me helpful information for my assignment. 
Saw an old friend and caught up on life! 
Arrived at work on time with a full crew that was happy to be with me and I was happy to be working with them. 
My family and their loving support through dark times. 
Shares how important I am to her. 
Wonderful friends that I love, who check on my well being everyday and who I can do all types of activities with. 
Being able to catch up on a bit of sleep. 
My health. 
I have an excellent job. 
My health and the ability to run after 25 years of doing nothing. 
have a nice car and nice clothes on my back. 
shoes so that I could work out and keep myself fit 
Equal share of the housework 
Seeing my family 
Yesterday I felt grateful when I saw a beautiful color in the autumn sky at work, while smoking. 
there was a lovely light rainfall for about an hour that really cooled down and cleaned the air.. it made the skies perfect for the very full moon tonight... 
to have a clean, modern apt. 
my health 
bought a pile of sweets I really don't need. 
discovering this site! 
Positive thoughts from a dear friend 
it appears that the Gullickson to Anderson transaction is going to work out. 
My purse 
A peer praised my writing 
Deciding on what university degree to do and where to go 
The journey from college to home went quicker than normal! 
weight set 
People thanked me for putting together a fun, social event. 
don't have to worry about being mistreated by a man - I have an amazingly loving boyfriend who is incredible to me! 
stepped out to lunch to meet with some old coworkers and it was okay that I left my desk! 
My friend Alex reached out to me and invited me, just me, to go over to her apartment to spend time together. 
Cody continues to patiently teach me how to put tires on the Bobcats. 
not pregnant 
got out for a walk to the grocey store 
Where I am going to sleep 
Waking up every morning 
dil came over to my place straight from work and we spent 2 hours of mirth and laughter togeter 
Cellphone : My first purchase with the salary I'd saved. 
I have a job 
helpful for my pets that wake me up every morning and give me a reason to keep going 
My husband is a great person. 
work 
Our drive back from vacation. 
Spending time at the barn 
To have a lovely family 
got help at the doctors 
always there 
have a lovely family 
over my head. 
Syd helped clean the house including emptying the dishwasher 
Going out for breakfast with my smart, insightful daughter. 
my children 
job 
My family 
The collective van drove slower and safely and charged me correctly:) 
Having a cosy log fire to snuggle up in front of tonight 
gat all my cassettes finished early 
wondering how long john and i would be together 
my cat was pleased to see me 
handbagshoved it in wardrobe 
Having a good job. 
My family being healthy 
Encouraging messages from Master thruout day 
Had the time and space to sort out new babys room with the house to myself, normally I'd really miss my partner, but being 8 months pregnant I've loved the space. 
When I was in early pregnancy I got SO stressed about coping, I felt like I'd have to do it alone (despite having a partner) - gradually, talking and getting used to the idea of a new life has laid rest to my worries, I'm so glad to have chilled out about it all, and to allow myself to voice my worries. 
finished work for maternity leave, it was without incident and really nice. 
My lap top. 
have a wonderful room to do my creative work in. 
Many years ago I was in a very stressful relationship with someone whom was very controlling and jealous. 
got to the gym today and had a great workout. 
got an unexpected payment for some work I'm currently doing. 
Happy and chatty client today 
Don't have to stress about where I'm going to move too. 
Grateful that I actually made it out the door today. 
got an invitation 
pasta was great 
walking back from ballet class with catu 
my home. 
Ipad- I thought about getting one for month- I'd loved my iPhone and thought something a bit bigger but smaller than my lap to would be fab. 
the parents I had who brought me up with love, care and kindness. 
was feeling pretty stressed and fed up yesterday and a co worker was really kind and gave me a hug - it was just right and I really appreciated it. 
My boss said I was her rock. 
having time for peaceful reflection & tranquility in my home. 
My family 
Two friends asked me how I'm doing today after a long stressful week. 
was in a miserable, lonely (ironic) relationship with someone who didn't have my best interest at heart. 
got up early today and did yoga 30 minutes. 
got a car so I don't worry about right to work. 
woke up this morning before alarm ring. 
Having a younger brother who looks up to me! 
Spending a relaxing evening in tonight with my boyfriend after a long week. 
1. 
no run ins with collegues 
my husband sent me a nice congratulatory email about finances today 
My sister recently passed away from cancer. 
Good feedback 
Moving into our new home seems closer than ever. 
The first good thing I made happen today was that I helped finish the audit filing at work after weeks of back and forth and mistakes. 
my family and their general intelligence, compassion and humor 
A lovely home & garden 
shower 
was on with a good team. 
felt very angry after doing some work on discovering you emotions. 
kids 
My dog 
iphone 
a friend agreeing to meet up 
shes light hearted 
Job 
went for a walk in rahenydonal and me playedandy cooked bbq 
Comfy bed 
mom making dinner 
my partner is, on the whole, a kind and gentle person, who tries to understand me & helps me hold back from wandering off in to my more negative self. 
made bread, without a bread machine, from scratch, without a mixer, for the first time. 
my new job. 
Health 
Student cards of appreciation of my teaching 
my office staff. 
Max snuggling this morning 
No fights with my partner 
made it to the movie on time. 
My pets are awesome companions 
mashed potatoes came out good 
Mi hija 
My daughter came home safe and sound. 
my daughter; family 
My Dog 
Shoes make up and tv 
NONE 
Could be together with Friends 
growing up in an alcoholic home was stressful and I survived that 
my dog, she is my best friend and I am so thankful she is in my life 
Having a job 
My house, because it was mine, it was bigger than my apartment, and it was in the school district that I wanted. 
my friends posted our photos on facebook and it was so fun to remember those events...LOL! 
My independence 
my two wonderful sons 
Grateful that people like me 
My trip to the passport office...went better than I ever imagined!!! (thanks to husband for driving me there and texting with me while I was stuck in the waiting room to cheer me up!) i'm so excited to get my passport renewed. 
all my children and my husband are healthy. 
the Promo Works position is not filled 
My son makes a point of hangin' with his old mom. 
had dinner with my friends 
Maternity dress 
so grateful for my husband being able to take care of my son with me while he is sick. 
I was able to help my best friend's family get through his unexpected sudden illness and death this past week 
I have a home. 
Held my baby girl 
School experiences, from over 15 years ago. 
The kids went to bed really well. 
Going back to work after a couple of weeks felt great. 
helped out staff members with what they needed. 
Met Sunita Popal, a law student interning for the State. 
Getting support from all my colleagues as their team member 
A friend messaged me on Facebook about her wedding. 
my husband and my home which we came very close to loosing three years ago. 
The new travel trailer in the yard 
my loving partner 
relying on others to continually having to help me, I still need a little help but day by day I am regaining much indepedance :) 
the sun was shinning the winding blowing and I got alot of washing done :) 
My camera never stopped loving it now four years old it gets more use that ever before 
Today I had my pre-op I am grateful that I have very little prep work to do before surgery and I am very thankful that surgery is finally taking place after a few delays 
sisters that listen to my woes and always hold that space 
To guide for encouraging me when I spoke in toastmaster's meeting. 
spent 1 yr for preparing myself for competitive exams to get admission in good bschool. 
Morning walk... Its cool... 
A friend sent me a message 
Old friend responded to an e-mail and made me smile 
1. 
My apartment 
Boots 
My husband 
My co-worker offered to help me in a difficult situation 
delivering a new car 
My son 
had a really delicious breakfast. 
the people that are concerned for me when i am down 
I have a great paying job. 
My band mate said I was the funniest girl she had ever met and never stopped laughing when she was around me. 
The conversation with the chef. 
Me being in a good family 
my family. 
My friend wrote me that I would be a good doctor, that I helped her! 
my car 
my family parents brothers and sisters 
had a joyous talk with my hubby about his official trip and the way he was treated there.. 
one of my close friends called me and we talked about more positive things. 
had enough freedom to do whatever I like now than in my childhood...All the credit goes to my hubby for it.. 
It was an awesome weekend for me..My hubby helped me in making a delicious lunch.. 
Initially My Family....esp my Hubby who always stood with me in all my good n bad and my lil one who added colours into my life 
My life with all its comforts.. 
had a great talk with my best friend... 
My long lost friend called me after a long years 
A sweet boyfriend that always companion me and tried to fullfill some of my need, even when it doesnt become his responsibility 
My sister calls me every day and I feel more connected with her than I ever have in my life. 
My boyfriend and I enjoyed a wonderful lunch together. 
I have a loving supportive boyfriend. 
ran on the treadmill for 15 min total and walked for 16 min total. 
There was sugar to sweeten the coffee when I found out we were out of creamer. 
have a co-worker that is just a category-5 irritating woman. 
Liz and i had a really good conversation about how structured we each are, how or if we like to plan, and what's going on with Sara at the moment. 
don't have to worry about money for the time being. 
My children and husband 
fell great, I've wanted a new laptop that was all my own for a long time. 
have a house to live in. 
Lovely walk by the canal with family and Patch 
exams 
My Girlfriend allowed me to keep my stuff at her place when I am homeless and broke.She also did the laundry for me and cooked dinner and breakfast for me. 
to be a Mother to a great son and daughter. 
Time to improve myself 
My kitten was really sweet and loving today. 
Food 
met a new co-worker who was very friendly 
The nice refreshing cup of tea I've just had, after coming back from a long walk. 
My family 
spent time with my mom. 
Desiree. 
Shoes 
my children 
sold a few things. 
Plants 
my family 
Longboard - I wanted this so bad so i could ride with friends, learn tricks and develop a lifestyle. 
Fun fun fun at pool 
A friend called to check on my health. 
new dress smaller size 
my boys are healthy and growing 
my partner takes responsibility and care for our home and is very helpful. 
My daughter being so wonderful and making me breakfast. 
I have an income that supports my lifestyle and allows me to live in a nice suburb with my daughter and grandson. 
Art supplies 
great pay and benefits 
my children's laughter and happiness. 
being able to pursue a career that I'm passionate about, and being able to work for myself in the process. 
live here with my family - W, A, S, B 
I live in California 
Today, I told my dad that I don't want to be Catholic anymore, and gladly, he accepted my decision. 
Couple months ago was the time I was stressing out about my AP tests, finals, and SAT. 
just arrived at Taiwan with my mom and sister, and I'm really thankful to God that we arrived safely and nothing went wrong with our flight. 
I came to Taiwan for vacation, I bought a daily planner which I thought I was going to use every day. 
really thankful that I have a supportive family. 
CAR 
I have my own house, car and job 
woke up this morning to see Bear lying by the bed and wanting a pat 
My family 
working 
Reagan 
MY CHILDREN 
Joe Browns blouseKeen sneakerslevis 
owning a house. 
having a job I love 
I do not have the added stress of being nagged and picked apart at work like one of my co-workers. 
creative 
my mother took me in (while pregnent!) when I lost everything 
my jeans - I appreciate these as they make me feel nice and look my best. 
health. 
My Ethan who is loving and caring 
Caring helping 
my family and friends 
Thanks for the time I spent with my family, relative, friends and my pets. 
Had a safe trip. 
Doing Home office 
Took the dog outside 
have a beautiful yard with many plants that I tend to that make me happy. 
I was allowed to be on my own when people came to visit. 
Being in a long distance relationship, which was hard and both financially and emotionally draining. 
My wife IS the most important gift granted to me by my god 
beleiving in god 
would feel so relieved buying a new car as we need one as our family has grown. 
my family 
My hubby makes me breakfast every day to give me more time in the morning 
my mum being returned to me, alive! 
could look a lot worse than forty. 
a good counsellor, and for good counsellors for my kids. 
ο διευθυντής μου με σέβεται κ μου δειχνει εμπιστοσυνη 
having shelter and downsizing to have a very simple life in a rental cottage of perhaps 400 square feet. 
The love of my family 
My mom who agreed to make me beef broth soup to help me feel better. 
realized how blessed I am about not being in debt when I got layed off. 
I have a dog again. 
my health--gastritis is manageable and not a heart problem! 
very grateful for having Marlon, my boyfriend of 5 years, in my life. 
My home. 
My boyfriend 
My clients tipped me very well. 
My Health - Learning to look after myself and knowing that I can change my eating habits which will help my long term illness. 
weeks of rain, cloud and cold the sun was out. 
Sun was shining 
Grateful for amazing people around me. 
Wrapped around my husband before falling asleep. 
Katie inspiring, funny clever good company. 
My Son home safe from Uni having completed his 2nd year extremely well. 
my (Usual!!!) positive outlook.Which I know will return. 
that kayleigh, katie and I enjoy each others company and go for lunch, have crafting and cooking sessions. 
a bike 
the wonderful Facebook post by Sara Hester and all of the comments and "likes" people had. 
My mom, she's my best friend and so very thankful for her love an support 
My awesome mother and the love my parents gave me.. 
connected with a good friend on friday night 
Cleaning the garage. 
my boyfriend...<3 
The future.I mean,when I'll come to that bridge I will cross it. 
managed to do all my little mornin errands in time 
The first thing that i'm grateful for is my i-Phone 4. It's actually a present from my uncle. 
my friends that listen to me when i need to talk about my daughter's murder and all the feelings I am going through from not seeing her in 12+ years prior to her murder. 
What I would purchase would be an attorney to file bankruptcy to get rid of all my debts. 
my husband 
my husband 
My son is healthy and happy. 
my sobriety 
blouse 
good enough person 
When I learn from unkind things people being mean to me 
He is kind of sober by nature 
The appreciation for my potential and actions already done 
To all my well wishers and being a good listener 
The appreciation for all my potential and action already done 
Her friendly frank affectionate nature My friend she was more than naughty She was my sweeto gurl buddy such a blessing I just had objections over things I feel bad for !I dint believe in those sides that time ;) The things that I detested like ughSo I let her slip away from my own hands She got married She was not bad .. not toward me at all It was all almost fine unfortunately I forgot or dint know > 
He ;) He was easy in the interaction in the talk we had 
have a residence 
saw my store supervisor for the first time I had been only talking to him on the phone1) He is very friendly funny 
My husband is supportive 
my dogs 
Being alive 
clear communication today with colleague 
Having a group of girls who like having girls nights with me 
Went to lunch with my boss. 
a son who is healthy and is an independent, thoughtful human being. 
There was a delicious bucket of chicken ready for me to eat when I arrived home very hungry after work. 
my family, I love and appreciate all that they do for me. 
Cooked a great meal 
got to eat lunch with David. 
no longer in a bad relationship for the first time in years!! 
The children did not run or get out of line when going down the hall all four times. 
David paid for my car repair, even though we are "just" dating. 
got to spend most of the day with D, his sister, his Mom, and Aunt. 
I found out my bank account has been compromised, no one has taken any money out and I should be able to get things changed safely. 
David. 
EXTREMELY grateful for D. He has been so amazing in my life. 
A Fossil summer purse. 
got the car fixed and it runs great now. 
my husband and the unconditional love he shows me. 
it stopped raining for a while today and the sun came out. 
Daddy bathed the kids and I watched the rest of Battlestar... 
we're talking physical...I'm grateful for my long legs! 
have great kids that I love taking care of! 
met 3 nice people through my training on the weekend! 
I don't have to argue with the one who likes to pick me apart and put me down! 
An email that I was trying to send yesterday and wouldn't go through, magically went through today! 
Grateful to be on my own and have peace in my home! 
most grateful for the continuous love and support from my husband while I continue to explore my weaknesses and seek out my strengths 
I have a husband who thinks the world of me, adores me, cherishes me, puts me first in his thoughts and LOVES me. 
My boyfriend called to tell me he loved me. 
was grateful for the storage unit area from a friend. 
I have my friends who I know will be there if ever I need company .. 
being able to sleep in as much as I needed. 
I don't have to work full time but that I can work part time 
So many things such as my parents, my family, my academia 
feel lucky to have a job 
Van- I love my van, fits everything in. 
email 
not in pain like I was this morning 
blessed. 
my patient gave me 500 dirhams 
the sunshine. 
going to meet my sister for a nice walk in the sunshine tonight 
My besties bring me some book, so she helps me to enjoy my day. 
really like the people i work with 
cillian who tries to help me and that we are calm under the pressure 
Breathing 
could wake up and say "Well I am alive" and breathing 
have the best friends in the world 
Had a good laugh 
my husband 
my kids and grandkids 
Nate and Wendy said Thank you for supper. 
it looked great, I felt happy and thought I would take care of it 
A friend gave me a plant & I just transplanted it into a larger pot 
My job & daily tasks - really interesting 
An evil colleague at work 
got a free parking space - this was a nice treat as I didn't expect it/ 
can make my own schedule each day. 
High-waisted black jeans - These jeans are the only high-waisted jeans I own. 
my Newanderthal. 
my Newanderthal, who has been my constant support for the last 5 years. 
walked the pup the entire 2 miles instead of cheating the short walk 
was told I was a very likeable person and shouldn't feel shy being around people. 
My shadowbox that Jason made for me on our first Valentines. 
Tengo salud 
I woke up this morning to a beautiful, sunny Memorial Day 
Waking up in a beutiful, peaceful atmosphere 
Green trees and sunshine when I look out the window 
My Guitar 
My boyfriend.My job/s.My friends. 
my husband love 
Josh and I made a nice dinner while hanging out in the back yard. 
Finishing my outside projects so I can enjoy watering plants and sitting outside. 
to have a roof over my head 
Students that I have worked with throughout the year told me how helpful and how much they appreciated my time 
my car - had a nice car, drove well (better than my other car). 
m 
Deanna 
My wife empathised with how I feel at present 
Having a boyfriend who loves me and wants the best for me. 
saw ca couple of my family members yesterday 
Having good friends who always care about me. 
Threw a small birthday party for my co-worker and gave her a giftcard so she can get coffee for herself in the ams...she loved it 
Having completed my degree 
my nice clean house. 
My loving, inspiring, sexy husband who wants to take care of me and share his life with me 
Shoes - my old ones were worn and ugly, these new ones go better with the professional wardrobe I have been inexpertly developing. 
My Cousin Tristy will be staying in London for the summer, so hopefully I will get to spend some time with her. 
Mom and I have joined teh gym, and it feels great. 
my employment -that's its secure 
1. 
A helpful friend whilst studying took the children 
Today i'm grateful for the fact that i woke up this morning. 
bča blajscčioyshvčys 
having a job 
1. 
have a nice home 
Going to party on Friday 
my understanding parents-the support they give &the life of non-judgement they often lead. 
A NICE DRESS 
my son Dylan wants to do things with me! 
my family. 
The first thing that brightened my day today was my very positive news at the hospital. 
Visited the mountains 
My mother, she is wonderful and supportive 
my son is healthy and great 
- bred pour un moment 
A friend shared some home-made food with me, because she knew my appetite was low 
Was able to deliver a job given me by a friend. 
My nieces called and left a message 
my boys getting along 
was happy to see money here when I returned from vacation 
Traveled thru the deaths of both parents with only a minor skirmish with Carrie 
had plenty of time to wake up and get moving this morning 
saw a pretty pink sky this morning while running. 
My children 
My children. 
Music 
today with my children. 
1. 
my parents: they support me, give me a place to live, try to push me in the right direction. 
my brother and I got to go mushroom hunting and ride bike this morning 
Meeting Ethan for lunch at his school and knowing that he was excited for me to come. 
Hubby made it home safe from his trip 
Chris and I are married 
Love 
Love 
THAT MY HOME IS PEACEFUL 
woke up 
Free, because I would be able to go where I want, when I want. 
My Tsunahiro 
the financial security I currently have. 
God waking me up to see another day 
I have my own room and don't have to depend on others to keep it organized to the level that makes me happy. 
my new job 
Michael Kors shoes -I felt really excited and grown up when I first got them. 
was grateful to spend time with wife and baby 
A friend helped me do something for work even though he was hungover. 
or wasn't mean to me 
spent lots of time with my best friend 
My studies and assignments 
Spending time with Pau 
Having been consecrated for 4 years 
The choice i made about my career 
Fresh strawberries finally in season and now in my tummy! 
having friends that care about me 
being at alie's 
all the healthy food I got to eat today, at all 3 meals. 
used to get really upset whenever someone would say something in the "wrong" tone, or say the "wrong" thing, and my emotions would just spiral out of control. 
It was so nice reconnecting with old camp counselor friends last weekend. 
Matt 
my children's health. 
The lost proposal was found. 
had a chance to have lunch with my mom and the kids. 
Felt better.Good dinner.Time with mom. 
Annie 
My son and I enjoyed lunch after he had to get his shots during a doctor's appointment. 
Was able to obtain the appropriate amount of connects within the day 
we had good weather this weekend. 
to have good friends at work to have lunch with. 
Buying my first house & moving to a new city by myself. 
My boss organised for a colleague to cover for me in case I was still sick from the day prior which I was 
The mice were okay, the tumors regressing. 
A classmate did something very thoughtful. 
enjoying the spring flowers all around when I take a walk each day grateful to be able to take a walk each day 
My husband 
life and thank the Lord that he gave me a perfectly healthy body to see the world and live it. 
my awesome friends - my second family. 
Yoga Mat 
Laptop 
A terrific and giggly day at the park with two adorable boys. 
mijn gezin 
my mom bought me a Dean Koontz book, because he is a great author and I can barely put this book down! 
my mom gives me my space when I'm at home, because she understands my need for solitude and privacy. 
My children's smile 
My beautiful baby Finley and my husband Kevin. 
My friends care about me and notice - non-judgementally - when things aren't right with me. 
had a flatmate wish me all the best before leaving my flat and referred to me as a "noble" person. 
I'd feel overjoyed. 
Having a sense of humor and knowing friends that share the same type of humor. 
James my flatmate. 
Very excited and amazed because I'd finally have my own place and I like my own company. 
to have a secure, well paid job and a home in a nice area. 
to have a very secure, well paid job which gives me the luxury to have a comfortable lifestyle 
I woke up this morning 
I am healthy 
my father hasn't woke me up for the past two days. 
Yashvir's health - it has improved, thank god. 
nothing 
downloaded details for Matt and sent them to him when he was unable to do so. 
My children 
the loved ones in my life 
The church potluck went smoothly today, which meant that many tasks had to actually align well, as several events went on at this even. 
being able go to to the gym and have a good workout 
My two beautiful daughters. 
so grateful that my daughters and I have a close relationship; and that they, as sisters, are close, as well. 
two healthy sons and another who will join us in october. 
Children 
Getting ready with allison, making lunch with her and dropping off at school 
My Kids, they are brilliant 
Broken ankle - I've decided to think positive thoughts in bed each morning when the alarm goes (prior to going to work) to try and stay positive at a hard time. 
Didn't wake up with a sore foot 
Oscar has been absolutely marvelous about building me up recently. 
Arguing couples on lessons! 
waking up with my husband and dog smith. 
the ability to own up to some silly impulse purchases that really only served my ego for a brief moment. 
Nicole 
just started writing for a new outlet and my first piece was published. 
made good things happen yesterday:1. 
my son brought me coffee... the morning has always been very hard for me so its nice to have my coffee made and brought 
the kitchen was easy to clean 
My boyfriend, who is always there for me, and makes me feel slightly better about any situation, as he did today following a really bad exam. 
I've had two partners cheat on me and while initially upset and stressed, I picked myself back up and each time have come back stronger. 
the moment I feel grateful for everything I have. 
Growing with Donovan despite our hiccups. 
my parents 
being able to store my stuff in my office 
My Smile 
Ukulele 
Leisure time outdoors with my sister. 
Homework. 
my kids and I are healthy 
my looks and health 
my desk/ office space 
healthy. 
my yard man came yesterday! 
My wife and family. 
Jesus is faithful and loving. 
Mum prepared delicious dinner 
boiled eggs without any of the shells cracking. 
to have this time at home to renew and rejuvenate 
My husband gives me the freedom to be me. 
Living in a comfortable apartment :-). 
Picked up broken down car not having to pay for tow truck. 
Always there when I need her 
My DH's love 
my coworker introduced me to a guest. 
my home, my husband , mydogs, my garden, my health,my god 
georgie and the crazy lady: I remained completely calm. 
my family is healthy. 
My grandma being sick and dying. 
A house 
My friend was thoughtful enough to bring a gift back from her vacation for my daughter. 
did an intense 20 minute workout without stopping or not giving it my all. 
My friend C messaged me about a facebook status I posted today. 
getting my bachelor's degree--never thought I would do it! 
the bond I have with my son. 
completed my work 
The people I work with and how accepted I feel 
Sunshine 
buy clothes often that I love the idea of wearing, but in practice I feel I only have enough time and energy in the morning to roll out of bed into something comfy and rush off. 
the freedom to be able to go where I want. 
actually having a fairly decent job 
My granddaughter is getting better after being ill for several days. 
don't have to worry about grading papers, preparing for classes, chairing committees, advising students, or listening to excuses anymore. 
My granddaughter came up and hugged me around the knees, clung to me, and said my name. 
my friends and family. 
A growing massage business and people who believe in me and support that goal. 
Treadmill - Felt exited about starting 5k training. 
my sister. 
Kris brought food for us - family dinner - realizing that feeding people may be how he shows affection - also REALLY good food. 
My health - I spent quite a few years going to every doctor I could, trying to figure out why I was feeling so sick. 
The light at the end of my neighborhood is almost always red, and it takes forever to turn green. 
the text eric sent me today. 
good husband 
my two beautiful children 
Waking up with the sun shining and bird singing 
my family and my home. 
was a good vegan today! 
got up in time to make myself a smoothie for breakfast and it was delicious. 
The sun was out for a while so I could garden (for money). 
My ex agreed to a new arrangement for my daughter without putting up a fight. 
a gardener so I work outside. 
My sweet, wonderful husband. 
my amazing family. 
my daughters call me every day. 
Matt - I am truly blessed to have another chance with him. 
I had more money I wouldn't spend it all on material goods. 
Grateful for the people in my life. 
my best friends and my circle of friends. 
got called for an interview for a job I didn't apply for. 
getting home safely (and early!) 
Tom walked me through the podcast process 
My childhood. 
Kids asked for help. 
My son came home! 
I have been able to travel and live in different places. 
Finding parking at the zoo was a breeze. 
It's Pumpkin Spice Latte season! 
I've gotten much better at learning to live in the moment, not in the past and not in the future. 
Worked out issues for 5 sales reps 
Bad relationship 
Kelley during break 
Finishing family room 
Boys 
our air conditioner repair was simple 
the kids want to spend time with me. 
God in my life 
my new freinds. 
feel unconditional loved by my husband. 
My children. 2 boys on my own can be a handful but they have beautiful manners and constantly surprise me especially when they blurt out of the blue... "Love you Mum!" and wrap their sticky fingers around me! Can't beat that! 
My Kids 
My wife and daughter 
Laila and I made dinner together (sorta, shes only 2) and she really enjoyed the watermelon she picked out 
1. 
Randy did not just write me off, and left me some hope for having a job when I finish my student teaching 
MY FRIEND , WHO LOVES ME TAKES CARE OF ME ,PROVIDES FOR ME, SUPPORTS ME WHEN I AM DAILY CRYING AND NEGATIVE.,ENCOURAGES 
my amazing job that I now have and enjoy on a daily basis. 
have the opportunity to go to college and further my education. 
Thanking God and knowing he is always near! 
GETTING MONEY FOR MY LIVING 
the warmthness of my home 
friend contacted me following up on a request of mine 
bad relationships 
I get to pick up my cat. 
Night Stand : i wanted a night stand on my side of the bed. 
the job that allows me downtime and the chance to travel 
The amazing weekend I had of biking, walking alone, taking photos, musing, breathing being - it's the happiest state. 
a good and easy job 
my lovely friends in SA and my friends here in Sanbon. 
My introspection- the ability to go inward and look 
Beautiful home 
Getting a Morning text with a kiss from my partner 
Colleague was happy to cover a meeting for me 
no longer travelling home from the coast after seeing my boyfriend for the weekend and missing him. 
managed to get a lovely long sleep last night and actually woke up feeling refreshed. 
Smartphone - Full of useful apps to help me manage all the things I would normally forget. 
bought shirt for my brother & Phone for my father ; I like to bring up their standard of living 
Daughter got new job 
had good chat with my roomie in morning. 
most people at work like me and I get on with everyone. 
have a healthy body 
peaceful commute 
health 
Got shopping done. 
shoes that were givin to me even though they were purple 
the love my girl's show when they are in a good mood and the cuddles, kisses and affection from them. 
got the bus as i ran for it in wadestown! 
family being able to spend time with my grankids 
was able to take care of my bills online and get my finances in order yesterday. 
I don't have to work at the job I hated! 
My mom 
Jackson 
Peg took my suggestion to display the granite cheese board so it is more visible 
My husband's unsuccessful battle with cancer. 
Seeing Sherrie at yoga after her winter in Florida, and seeing her really happy to see me 
Having yoga class to look forward to today. 
joined me for lunch 
my personal banker's help, I was able to overcome a bank's glitch and get internet banking set up for my new account. 
Tom and Annette met me at the hospital when Erik died and came back to the house with me so I wouldn't be coming home alone. 
A loving, hard working husband 
Being different and. 
to watch my boys growing and becoming more mature and responsible while maintaining their childish joy! 
interacted freely with strangers in a social situation. 
calmed down my friend´s lament about his future and his dissapointment about our seeming coolness about it. 
went to the concert because of others. 
Definitely my car. 
Friend emailed me 
My wife sharing my quite time with me today 
Fixed the email issue Guy was having at work 
delicious buttermilk doughnuts 
feel grateful because i still have a family that surounds me, still have two friends that care for me 
Diane's friendship and that she lives right in my building. 
Machines 
My daughter 
Waking up next to the man I love 
have my own place to live 
Grateful to be able to get the kitchen cleaned up and counters cleaned after last night's dinner. 
was able to focus on the vacuuming that has been eating at me. 
Kristi told me about a good tip on coffee and health benefits and made me laugh this morning before work started. 
Thankful for him calling me every morning to make sure I have my seat belt on and that I do not get on my phone while driving 
Wonderful friends that have not wavered from my side since high school, especially Katelyn. 
my love Russell. 
I now have a sisterhood I can rely on and feel comfortable with. 
being treated and cared for in a world class healthcare facility by the staff 
A God who saves 
my boss let me go from the meeting so that I could meet my friend 
Being physically able to do things for my children 
I can work in my own little home 
lunch with rekha 
grad school 
bike 
puppies 
job 
My health 
Nathan and Noah and the love that I get from them. 
Kathie being a facebook friend 
Helping Kennedy get to work the past 2 days. 
reviewed the student planner and made a bunch of changes, so it will be ready by the deadline. 
My divorce is over. 
My boys getting good grades this school year. 
work- nice email from merpolh, validation of all I doms. 
Tablet - i wanted an ipod just to have something easier to lug around on vacation. 
My family -they sustain me 
The sun and warm came back today. 
Yesterday, a co-worker and I discussed a situation going on with our manager. 
of right now I don't have to worry about my sister taking up all the bathroom time in the morning. 
got to workout today even with my hurting hip. 
My health and the fact I can walk and talk 
Health 
Completing my errands 
To have a job 
Family 
My friend stood up for me to my other friend and that felt nice - i wasn't expecting it. 
MY LIFE 
The fact that she will never ignore me on purpose and always have something positive to say when I am in ranting mode. 
There was this person whom I recently meet and he makes me feel happy after a long time boredom in life:) 
My daughter and husband are my life line. 
when ankit said bye in the morning , when he smiled when entered into the room last night 
spent a beautiful morning with my granddaughter. 
My family 
my morning walk with Leo today. 
have someone to share my life with and come home to each day. 
a loving Mother 
my senior management appreciate me 
Money, I have enough money to pay my bills and to live happily in my retirement 
Everything. 
got promotion! 
having good health 
my kids. 
a great relationship 
helping me in my works 
Ian stayed at home a little late because I was upset this morning, he tried to comfort me and make me feel OK. 
Looking after a car that we hardly ever used. 
My plants growing in the back yard. 
other departments were patient & helpful 
children 
started my day with meditation and then a tall glass of green juice! 
Sam returned my extension ladder that's been gone for over a year. 
Greatful to have stumble onto this website 
My work. 
corrected a problem for my classmate in here project 
made my friend happy by gifting . 
have boyfriend who is caring and always pamper me. 
Completed a task that I am supposed to have done days back - Sharma's paper work 
I have a wonderful place to live. 
have good work colleagues. 
supportive family 
my mom, who talks to me on Facebook chat every day from work. 
have a wonderful boss. 
got up refreshed for the morning 
healthy meals that Guy prepares. 
My Family. 
my children. 
supremely blessed with incredible, loving parents and two brothers 
the little extra sleep my wife allowed me to get. 
the new friends I've made recently- Lydia, Christina, Laura and the other Christina. 
Having a family and home. 
an invitation to go out with a friend 
give thanks for a connected family. 
Excitement of a new tool 
to have a few possessions and I keep various tools that help me live easier as I move about. 
Helping a friend release judgement 
SUNSHINE at the farm! 
My friend in hospital is getting out 
a job 
vivo en una hermosa casa con mi jija es la casa mas linda que hemos tenido en 4 anos 
My husband called to ask if I needed anything on his way home since he knew I wasn't feeling well. 
My aunt defended me when I was criticized. 
My husband 
friends who desire connection. 
have a job that I am passionate about, in which I am self employed. 
My husband and I spend time alone this morning, before I had to leave for work. 
My colleagues who are nice. 
got all my work done. 
Health. 
caring teachers 
To be alive 
Dad bought me (us) a new lawn mower, at a great price, but well more than he would normally spend on such things; and that was in spite of having argued nearly every day last week. 
my kind colleagues. 
Laptop - New Laptop Smell , Opening the box, setting it up ! 
When I opened the door this morning a scorpion fell on my arm. 
The Skype contact with my youngest daughter. 
My Honda Wave motorcycle I bought 7 years ago. 
Oen, our neighbor and one day a week gardener. 
To have hot water 
My dogs. 
healthy family 
live in home 
Cannon dslr rebel xti., loved to have the equipment to make super clear images. 
was able to hang out with my tattoo artist and his amazing wife before they moved. 
a 
starting my day with coffee in bed, reading a book or listening to music. 
Great conversations with clients. 
Grateful for...1. 
so grateful that I can work from home with people all over the world! 
the evening I spent with friends working on what's important in our lives, and supporting each other. 
Thankful for a very good sleep! 
Grateful for the inspiring conversations I get to have every day with clients. 
Finding the 'right' guy! 
These 3 things went smoothly today: 
Rescheduling today's calls. 
My DSLR camera 
Michelle went with me to the Light the Night Festival. 
Running Shoes 
TO HAVE A HOME. 
My husband takes excellent care of me. 
When I was a nanny, the 8 year old was developmentally disabled but he often knew exactly what he was doing, especially when he was beating on his little brother, the 4 year old. 
They let me sleep longer to get some rest meanwhile they were doing home tasks 
my sons care about each other and their sister. 
My husband and I talk more and we interact more as a family with our sons. 
my grandmother is still in good health, and is able to come and go as she pleases every year. 
Being in a loving relationship 
my family- being on vacation 
most grateful for the gift of motherhood and the love of my daughter Bella 
My car shop vacuum . 
1. 
my family being healthy 
My best friend is always there beside me all the time that I needed support. 
How my daughter expresses her love for me everyday 
Greatful for having such a beautiful mum 
Our beautiful home 
fixing the TS detail tab!! 
Successful business 
phone e6 
Concert tickets to favourite band. 
The weather was gorgeous. 
1. 
The guy in the Starbucks line charged me for a smaller cup because I let two people in a rush to cut in front of me. 
I am losing weight. 
My computer and my internet connection. 
to still have a roof over my head, a place i can call mine even if the rent is late. 
what mother nature gave me. 
Mario and the relationship we have 
I have lost 10 pounds and that no matter how tired and upset I am about this life-long obesity struggle I don't give up and I always get results when I work for them! 
would feel relieved and happy that my home is not a "prison", but a place to be comfortable and content. 
shirt 
friends and family that loves me 
knocked out a rush job on a computer request 
have a great working relationship with my colleague. 
my uncle's wife is kind enough to let me read to her nephews once I'm done with my picture book. 
Robert has been such a great help and so supportive when I was down in the dumps. 
My dogs - the love and attention they give. 
don't have to worry about work - because I know that things will work out the way I want them to. 
every day is a new day, and each moment unfolds and blossoms into a new beginning. 
my major purchase is the completion of home, therefore increasing the size, and changing the layout!The day that we purchase the upgrade, we will also be leaving on a cross-country road trip, complete w/dog and rv. 
Playing with our children. 
She understands me 
A wifi connection : I had taken it so that I could research projects.. 
i was able to take the time to do THIS in general, i feel like it is a really good choice for myself. 
so grateful for my car, I went from a 2000 Chevy cavalier to a 2007 ford fusion s and it's so much better to drive:) 
My coffee pot wasn't broken so i am enjoying this cup a joe 
very proud that i have started working out with my cousin today, I've been a slouch for about 3 years and now i have been working more and more at getting in shape, from the 5k i did friday to the long 7 mile walks, and watching what i eat (sometimes) 
the fact that I still have a job for the next 2 weeks, the gives me time to find another one! 
The first thing that brightened my day was when i sat down to do some Lumosity training. 
Gratful to live in America to have out freedom 
Working with positive, kind people 
Woke up today. 
my children 
had a nice lunch today with partner/friend. 
live in a house with a dog and a lovely backyard. 
I was able to relax during my morning commute to work, and think of ideas to write about for a writing class I'm taking. 
A family that loves me and supports me 
the love of my dog. 
I was able to enjoy an evening yesterday with my husband, because my parents babysat our son overnight. 
don't have to worry about having difficulty getting pregnant anymore! 
My parents kept our 21-month-old son for the day, and he was a perfect angel for them. 
1. 
Got my own apartment. 
have a couple of friends I've had for decades. 
Randy cleaned the house this morning without waiting and telling me to do it. 
Helpful woman at pool store 
i do not have to work tommorow 
Tiffany 
A safe, relatively happy, stable household 
I have a job. 
My mom and all of her support 
jaodij 
having a nice home 
found a Toastmasters club in my area (my vision islimited and I only drive short distances. 
I have such a wonderful mother. 
Being allowed a lot of TV time 
My good health 
Jeans 
My watch! its gone to get fixed and i miss it more than i thought i actually liked it more than i thought. 
my family we are pretty bonded 
All the hugs I get from my boys. 
My house looks better than it did when I bought it 
i`m pretty healthy. 
all the experiences that left me with a friend 
have got such a nice parents. 
Mascara (how shallow) it's crap. 
My hubby made coffee for me 
My car. 
My sons, Evan and Kean. 
Little Brandon is very adorable with this innocent acts and inquisitive questions! 
Estudiar de nuevo 
taking care of my son 
had wonderfull meditations ( as i missed so deeply for months) 
Grateful to have such a loving family 
having a wonderful mother 
my boyfriend who loves me unconditionally and supports me even when I feel overwhelmed 
Kenne hung out with me and took me to a new place. 
food 
my art 
my family 
my neighbors gave me graduation presents 
my family 
gifts 
no 
really enjoyed reading the bucket filler notes I received. 
1. 
have a roof over my head 
Money to shop for errands 
My home; it's comfortable and inviting 
My husband and beautiful children. 
Suasana kerja di tempat saya sangat menyenangkan 
Kontrak mama dan saya diperpanjang 
Futsal datang lebih cepat 
Panggilan sayang dari Jani 
Grateful that my family is together. 
so grateful to have a beautiful home, which bosoms me in and makes me feel safe. 
getting a thoughtful email 
Saw mum and sister. 
have people who love me and want to help! 
God, if it wasn't for Him nothing would be possible! 
Being able to travel to work in stress free traffic. 
have a garden with blueberries in my backyard 
have clients that regularly show up to my office. 
My brother who's often at home and is willing to have dinner with me even though I don't always give him my priority. 
to worship a God who loves me despite all of my failures and the wavering of feelings I have towards him. 
the connections I am making with my co-workers. 
my pup, Lucy, and the joy she brings my life 
Family 
Sister Lulie is loving and caring more than any sisterI know 
Friends and family, especially Lulie 
An invitation for dinner - good food, good wine, and good company - with Mom and Dad tonight. 
mY Health 
we enjoy spending time together. 
Breaking off an engagement. 
Drive to school and work went very well. 
my manager was in a better mood (after a miserable day previously)-I hugged her and told her I was glad she was having a better day and offered my appreciation for her challenging circumstance. 
My mom and all she does for me. 
my kids 
my friends such as Dan, Greg, Mark, Claire, Bill 
out of a marriage that not productive. 
The family event on Saturday. 
Being able to have a night off without kids? 
My husband is still alive and with me after being so ill. 
My loving boyfriend 
My home itself 
My best friend kept buying me bottled water when we were out at the bar without my asking for it. 
buying my own home, initially I would be excited and nervous simultaneously. 
my sons, Pete & family 
My coffee in the morning 
Tadhg and Iarla giggling together and filling up the whole space with their laughter 
have found a new sense of direction 
have a very supportive family. 
my family who had been giving me unconditional love and support. 
Will bought me flowers for no reason the other day. 
was grateful today that my husband gave me some private time to shower while he fed my boys lunch. 
my mother. 
my mom, so her turning 70, I invited her to see a show on our famous Las Vegas strip and she said yes!!! 
my daughter when we get to spend happy time together 
got to leave early to get a tooth filled. 
Talking with a friend at work about my situation 
don't have to worry about my mom being alone and struggling to make ends meet & taking care of my younger brothers. 
got a massage to start the day. 
Shoes 
I have a very flexible time schedule that allows me to have breakfast a little longer 
NHL 2013 
Funny thing happened last week, that made me laugh and still makes me laugh to this day. 
beads 
My puppy 
Ben did laundry and supper and dishes!!!! 
don't have to worry about my home being too small for my growing family. 
trees provide beauty, oxygen, shade 
my family. 
My family who supports me a lot. 
THE LUCKIEST FIRL IN THE WORLD TO HAVE MY PARENTS! 
got to bike today felt great and made me sleepy. 
My family 
Not having a hangover in the morning. 
Max brought me tissues and snuggled when I was sad. 
A-affection 
have a part-time job 
Received DVD movies 
I have multiple people I can call to hang out with. 
My job-I feel pretty secure and I am super grateful I have a job and steady income to pay for bills and necessities and wants. 
goood morning messages from friends 
HappThankful for my asst. 
Job security 
Chores- I am thankful for him taking care of home 
back to my parents house which cuts up the hours i have to spend to the office 
Being able to buy new shoes for my kids without worrying about money 
my health and beauty 
still have enquiries to answers which keep me working and that is good for paying bills. 
House but better i call it's a home because i believe Home that is the place for me to feel comfortable to live . 
my work last night i meet friend and we go for walk and meeting another friends who show me this site i felt that a grateful to seeing and changing something new and comeback to reality what happen around me 
Family. 
sent a recap to the meeting and the quarter activity on time and didn't feel bad about it. 
my grandchildren very much. 
the support I've received from my cousins Ashi and Akshara and my friend Tony regarding my break up with Vinay and thoughts about Haran 
The stress of not having my priorities straight. 
Work was really smooth. 
My straightener. 
The people in my life: My family-Despite being crazy and extremely overprotective, I know that they love me very much and I always enjoy a good chat with my parents or my brother.Haran: My boyfriend is amazing and funny and sweet and loveable and silly and understands me. 
1. 
had an easy commute to work. 
Found cooked food in the freezer so I am glad I don't have to cook today 
Left the job which was stressful and grateful I don't have to worry about it everyday. 
Tai chi class, after sitting on an uncomfortable chair for more than 4 hours yesterday, I was worried about my back. 
Family & friends. 
health and sanity 
cellphone 
to Happify community for such a nice approach 
View from office 
Things, items, ... you recenlty bought can be linked to events you have used them in and can make you instantly smile. 
Being a student of my favourite teacher. 
Mobile I enjoyed it a lot. 
I don't have anymore exam stress and I am free to do what ever I would like to do. 
Being invited to go out to lunch with my husband 
my apartment. 
1. 
family 
Roku/tv 
dress 
The pipe that was leaking in one of my properties did not destroy the entire floor and ceiling. 
I did not get hurt today 
my daughter came by and tried to help fix my computer. 
clothes that I bought for myself - at the time they made me feel pretty. 
Gateway alarm 
My friend told me I was beautiful when I wasn't fishing for a compliment. 
My family making my birthday very special 
A big hug from my youngest this morning. 
My family 
My autocross car. 
Laptop-my own computer that I didn't have to share. 
The few friends I have that will listen to me ramble on about my worries, and make me feel better. 
know people that genuinely like me and appreciate what I have to say. 
Connecting with friend 
Clean sheets! 
hubby 
have put closure on an unhealthy relationship 
My parents and Jack and Leah 
to live in the country on a farm. 
work 
My daddy 
To work in a place where I can be creative every day 
gratefulll for the kind of help god offered me when i needed 
Boyfriend turned down his favourite hobby to spend time with me 
Dinner paid for by company 
My dog who loves me unconditionally 
The flexibility of my job. 
my mom made the best cookies ever and let me have 5 huge cookies! ( so happy,yum!) 
my fan 
very grateful for being healthy.I have the opportunity to walk, touch, feel, see, hear and speak. 
As soon as I stepped outside today, I was immediately shocked by how GORGEOUS it was outside. 
I have people who want the best for me. 
Meditation stool - lovely item - need to use it more 
Grateful for my lovely boyfriend Andy 
the kisses on the neck I get from my husband while making breakfast. 
Mitch 
some reason this week has not been an easy one. 
Boyfriends who are not afraid of dead rodents: My cat decided to bring my a nice little present last night to bed which a dead field mouse. 
My girlfriend, who is my best friend and the love of my life, being there for me 
my husband who listens to all of my complaining about my mother. 
Food 
Family 
my Parents.Couldnt ask for better,cause there are none better .. 
My mom. 
got positive feedback by a coworker. 
Health 
Worked all the totes 
time with God this morning. 
The love shown to me by my family and friends! 
a supportive coworker. 
a friend texted me today to say good morning 
My wife of x20 years... 
1. 
My partner 
Happify is helping me to be grateful. 
have a home, a place to sleep and food to eat. 
T played for me at lunch today on the patio 
New fridge 
having my own space. 
my husband and my cat 
Healthy Family 
that I'm not homeless 
loosing my home 
jason 
Jason 
ME 
My sons 
pleasant co-workers 
finished all the laundry 
iPhone 5 
Anita's support-- finally worked up the courage to talk to her and ended up feeling loads better; told me all my patients have complimentary things to say and that I AM doing a good job 
Having an awesome husband who will get annoying jobs done for me - like taking my car to get the emissions test done as it is due soon. 
Having a workmate who I can vent and talk about good things with 
to my husband every day for cleaning up the dishes and making dinner. 
my family 
help my family go to work and school 
going hiking with my friends on a beautiful day 
The opportunity to gain experience at the FDA 
Having a loving, supportive family. 
dive practice, I lost control on the trampoline, and I was afraid I was going to fall off (It stood about 10 feet tall). 
My job 
my husband and our life together and all our blessings 
A wonderful loving husband. 
get to make a living with my passion: making people laugh and entertaining them. 
My family is happy and healthy. 
Tony apologized for yesterday. 
mike wrote me back a heartfelt text - mike cares about me 
Clothing off of Lulu's- feel bad that I am losing money on this 
truly grateful for my intelligence, because if I were to use it and tap into it, I can be amazingly phenomenal. 
I went outside to walk, ride the bus, eat at a restaurant and spend time with my husband. 
I can cook with ease without being distracted and interrupted by other people. 
My nephew is not getting beat up anymore. 
I am eating a porridge that is going to help my digestive system. 
everyday for my life and health. 
it was hot, I am grateful that it's not humid. 
I'm very cute. 
I am thoughtful and generous. 
my husband bought me 2 pairs of shoes. 
Today, my friend Roxane post on FB of her dream car and I wrote that I was excited for her and thanked her for being an inspiration. 
The first thing that brightened my day was being able to wake up and be thankful to be alive. 
I became a nurse and still a nurse 
to have found love again when I never thought that possible after the death of my husband. 
My Children My beautiful daughter whos so bright i want the best for her in life 
made it work on time and was able to run all my errands before. 
laughed with my boss over the phone 
Dale helping me in the yard 
don't have to worry about caring for young kids juggling work and parents babysitting 
Told dale how I have given up hope without having an argument 
I have a job. 
Lew sent me a nice text 
Body care - I wanted certain care products so badly. 
my friend Lisa, because she's always there to listen to me bitch and cry and moan when my life sucks. 
would be ecstatic, because it's my dream come true! 
Brad didn't die last night from lack of oxygen. 
My husband. 
I have friends at all. 
don't have to worry about Scott Watson anymore. 
healthy children. 
intelligent. 
a cozy bed 
a beautiful home to come home to and decorate in a fun and artistic way. 
1. 
Sleeping in! 
The universe giving us a BIG break today! 
alive 
my 15 year old is helping out more at home. 
my family and my dog 
my family 
have connected and organised a huge group of friends for the 4th July celebrations... 
Seeing my mom off be for she left for her trip. 
Seeing my beh when I woke up. 
My parents dote on me. 
God, for giving me such a wonderful family. 
Zanesljiv/možbeseda/kar reče to misli 
Spucal sem bajto in presadil rože, upedenal dnevno sobo! 
Kanan & Keya 
having joyce care enough to stop by. 
Qualifying My IPCC examination 
When my brother escaped and recovered from major accident i delivered thanks to god from my heart 
My mother 
guilt 
was grateful for the sunshine and being able to spend the day outside. 
i have stayed in touch with old mates 
my daughter is amazing 
My kids 
David - he's so supportive 
Got out for a run 
Mom called me 
My faith in God. 
My faith in God 
My boyfriend cheating on meMy exhusband ever hurting me againEver having to talk to Adam again 
Paul and I got along great today 
my son, he loves me no matter what. 
My son he makes me smile everyday, he loves me no matter what. 
to Almighty for blessing me with My Husband who is and had been a great support to me in every sphere of my life. 
still have my mom and my dad. 
Marc is willing to walk with me regularly 
got motivated and left the house to meet with the advisor about returning to collage and it gave me hope and made me grateful the advisor was so helpful. 
woke up in a very good mood and had my coffee, let the dogs out, fed the dogs and then read a book 
most grateful for my wonderful lifetime husband and the happiness and love we share together in our marriage. 
would feel happy, proud, grateful, sportier, outgoing and younger. 
my husband going to the store and doing the grocery shopping. 
enjoyed the feeling of satisfaction by accomplishing a task that needed to be done. 
Shelter that protects me from the elements 
my life 
most grateful for waking up today. 
being alive 
most grateful for my husband who has been my soulmate for 34 years. 
sisters - they are the best 
kids on street corner in neighborhood while having coffee---one was playing violin and two were dancing. 
There were co-workers from out of town in the office today; we stopped to chat and catch up. 
so grateful to wake up and have coffee freshly made for me 
Recovered from a serious medical condition -thankful every day! 
even with the intense weather (and the traffic crawling home for miles), the trip was relatively uneventful and the traffic jams gave me opportunities to be mindful! 
having lovely,understanding parents 
Invited to birthday gatherings 
Happy that I am able to talk to my kids about important and complicated issues that effect our family life 
Making progress with projects 
My health. 
My home is each day more organized and comfortable. 
mmy husband shows apperciation to me everyday, calling on his break, making me have a better day after a long day at work. 
cell phone 
commute to work, i didn't have to drive far because my son went to my mother's instead of daycare 
Easy work week, no baby sitter problems, nice week at work with my new client, perfect work hrs. 
own my car, paid it off about three years ago. 
my life, education and past experiences that showed me a better now 
Being able to wake up every morning and go to work at a job that i love. 
Really glad i found this site 
the food on the table and the bed under a ceiling. 
My sister is supportive 
Dave called me just to hear my voice! 
Chris helped me cook dinner 
Exams 
got up and got the early bus on time 
got a parcel from LUSH 
Smartphone - I loved the idea I could get internet on my phone and play angry birds and it was so cool. 
New episodes of my favourite shows 
my family and that they are healthy 
no longer in a toxic marriage. 
got the house clean 
I have a job. 
nothing 
my own house nothing special 
Space Heater- It made me so happy b/c it would keep me warm and it was safe heat with a remote so it was conveninent. 
would buy a trip to Europe/ 
computer access 
my daughters. 
Kindle 
to have my daughter one more day. 
Car - Symbol of hard work. 
very thankful for my mom and the every time support and care i receive from my family. 
Good weather 
A good job that lets me work outdoors. 
have a good job, that I enjoy doing. 
have someone to workout with and stay in shape. 
Not having to be in the same office as my boss all day 
Supportive family 
Grateful for nature giving us "woman" the monthly sign of no fertility , even though our periods can be a drag...having that sign is a wonderful relief off your shoulders :) 
the fact I have free speech, clean drinking water, not only enough food, but a varied choice of food, shelter over my head, and free education. 
My son
have a cleaned house 
got to go in for a job interview and my mother drove me 
completed project as per schedule 
bought a great swimming suit and had a skin treatment 
helped my mother to get ready for the vacation she my my father are going tonight. 
Had a delicious lunch with my whole family ! 
A beautiful, uplifting sunshine after weeks of cloudy and rainy weather ! 
It's not raining today. 
Groupon for a weekend on a houseboat: excited to get away and be on the water. 
feel appreciated by some of the workers. 
My nephew, great-nephew and great-niece spent the weekend with us. 
Planning a trip to see my bff in rome 
my mom and her encouragement through my rainy days. 
a quiet yard to enjoy 
What the leak is in my roof 
didn't hear a NO from a long-awaited client. 
Waking up to a pretty sunrise and settling back for a 15 minute slow wakeup. 
My magnificent son and daughter 
I have a home to live in 
Shannons sweet text. 
Visiting Doug and barb in Hawaii 
husband that is responsible and goes to work everyday 
moms cancer 
The first good thing I made happen was getting up, cleaning, doing laundry and exercising before meeting friends. 
have the most beautiful boys 
Cardio Workout 
gratefull by my self. 
Somebody compliments of how i look sweet, even though i have a fatty body. 
Luna 
did't understand this 
Furniture got donated 
Being cared by my mom and gf. 
MY HUSBAND WHEN HE IS ATTENTIVE 
my family 
Having friends that listen to me when I need them 
been alive no matter how things look it will get easier as time goes by... 
my two dogs. 
the sea is calm with little wind. 
Friends who text or call and make plans with me. 
the support that John offers me. 
making me feel worthy. 
I´m grateful for my dog Lilly, because she thaught me to love the nature 
can share my food 
I completed my Masters 
so grateful that I took an impromptu day off with my son yesterday!! 
My wife Hilary. 
My daughter is awesome: she's loving, giving and helpful to everyone. 
would be elated with my brand new car! 
MY FAMILY 
my children are healthy 
Worked on a focused project. 
GRATEFUL FOR MY FAMILY THAT LOVES ME 
bad reletionships the arrogance and stupidity and selfishness ... 
my dads surgery went well 
My dad took me out to dinner after work 
My fiance emptied my trash can without me asking him to yesterday. 
my kids & family 
better mood 
to be with this beautiful family around me, they are great 
HAVE A LOVING AND CARING HUSBAND 
Grateful for the window in my office. 
clothes from dresscode 
know I helped out a parent who was confused about the CB system. 
Driving home in the pouring rain the other night. 
Getting a call from a grateful parent. 
having a mother that has done everything she could and more to provide me with everything I could have ever needed in this life 
remember when I got my macbook pro. 
being resourceful. 
Jesus Christ's love gift 
Prayers have been answered 
Playing with my son 
My children 
Health 
my co workers are so funny and make me laugh 
my friends posted positive comments about me 
Borja not being upset with me even though he had to sleep in his car again. 
Grateful for Meic making me watch that documentary about cannibis and cancer 
my healthy beautiful boys 
my two beautiful boys. 
My son Casey makes me feel joyful and grateful; feels like I am making right decisions in life 
make a cup of tea for myself 
being a healthy person 
I still have my parents with me and that they support my actions. 
I'm a good person 
ii have a family 
Today I was placed on call due to low patient census. 
myself for being alone and making some peace times with me. 
always grateful for my seemingly honest talks with Sylvia and Brooke. 
Husband took me to lunch 
They took me out for hibachi and paid for the bill 
Thankful for the Loving relationship I have w/Jon! 
have a good job 
-to have a beautiful home/yard 
my friends and family 
my friends and family and BF 
My mom's BF taking all of us in after we had to sell the old house where we were living with my dad 
The unconditional love of my husband. 
Helen was happy to receive her birthday gift 
to have good friends who support me. 
marija 
my meditative practice 
recent relapse of chronic fatigue - made a conscious effort to eat well , use my Bio-mat ( infra-red) and be kind to myself ( rest ) 
the pleasure, joy and sense of accomplishment that I get from creating, sticking and making meal plans 
was kinda sad today and i had a friend to tell her all the things that made me sad and i felt much relieved after telling her 
helping someone whowas depressed 
my assistant's positive and encouraging attitude. 
meeting w my neighbor for yoga and conversation 
mollie leo john 
health 
The sun shone 
always get a hug from one of my co workers 
Damian's love 
My granddaughter Rosie who brings happiness and sunshine whenever I SKYPE with her or speak to her on the phone. 
First time flying two years ago. 
commuted by boat, very beautiful serene views. 
waking up to a happy dog ready for sunshine. 
I have a great kid who doesn't smoke, drink or do drugs and who is so smart and took the initiative to find a great job and who is careful with her money 
Dive gearsfelt like i dont have to rent again, and excites me to dive more often 
bought a washer and dryer and it will be here saturday. 
Thankful for my beautiful apartment 
ran for 5 min straight this morning on my interval training. 
My daughter's smiling face. 
My children 
The only things I bought recently, and really needed, were:1. 
Not getting a migraine when the conditions were perfect for it. 
My job. 
Finally caught up with BBT and GOT 
my friends always being there whenever I need them. 
my house 
My mom 
Car 
My pepper plants are all doing very well and the new pepper seeds are geminating already! 
Working in retail where I didn't get sick days or have a regular schedule and had to worry about money all the time. 
got my favorite seat on the bus both to and from work. 
a good support system. 
My Dad's death-Took care of his house with the help of my friends and family and made sure my little sister was ok. 
My dogs Winter and Pixie, my cat Mr. Lily. 
being able to stay home with my 2 year old instead of working 
Henry crawls everywhere and is such a sweet baby. 
New windows - so beautiful once installed and make the home feel secure. 
A supporting, wonderful girlfriend who's pulled me out of very dark spots in life. 
My beautiful child 
My home 
hand-holding 
Marco. 
My husband. 
Having my husband and kids with me to laugh with them and sharing life 
health and care of my father 
Early in the morning, helping my husband with things for his job and taking care of my children without getting angry or anxious about timing and stress environment. 
parents 
hardworking 
i have a caring and loving parents.. 
A friend sent me a postcard from Scotland 
was grateful for my father bringing over food and running my errands like collecting my new glasses for me because I have a chronic illness and am home bound most of the time. 
Having a good relationship with my husband and able to start working on communication of our needs. 
a friend received word about a new job. 
my mom dat she satisfies all my needs 
family. 
my knowledge , beauty, clothes, home, money i am about to receive 
My health 
my family are tolerant of my horrible moods, even when I can be stand-offish or aggressive. 
Important task completed without third party assistance 
My friend Carol invited me to lunch, picked me up and paid our bill. 
Being able to rest at home 
Brian texted to see what I was up to last night 
My mom being sick 
My bunnies, they're my oldest childhood toys and I would hate to lose them 
Oliver ran out but I didn't freak out and eventually he came back in. 
My boyfriend - he's a genuinely nice person. 
have a bunch of great friends who care about me and who think I'm fun to be around. 
finished all of the mail I wanted to finish at work and crossed off a lot of stuff on my list. 
The lady at the Taylor Swift concert bought me a bottle of water 
Music! 
1. 
I have the ability to work from home part-time and start my day with coffee in hand & my daughter watching TV. 
Lucy eating her breakfast quickly and fully, playing outside nicely, making her bed and cleaning up the bathroom 
Paid off our house and are debt free! 
My two month old baby hardly cried at all, was happy and smiling, and took nice long naps all day. 
cleaned the bathroom! 
My home 
Closet Organizer- I was really excited about getting more organized, still haven't used it yet. 
RELIABLE STAFF 
Having a lazy morning with my love. 
Far (enough) away from home state 
my husband and I were able to make the time this weekend to tackle an annoying household chore/problem, and complete it without killing each other. 
Money- I was super stressed about this this week, but after a discussion with my partner, realized that we're doing a lot better then I realized. 
Went out to the grocery store and didn't panic. 
Morning walks while listening to interesting stories on Public Radio Remix! 
Fun, easy-going customers. 
Laptop - I was happy that I could do school work from home. 
My yoga class and meditation made me feel great about my self yesterday 
i was able to get some organizing/cleaning done this morning without interruption. 
Glancing out the window driving home on the freeway, I briefly saw a homeless man in a wheelchair sitting in an empty parking lot. 
The first thing that brightened my day was watching The Darjeeling Limited. 
all the good friends I have. 
The other night we had a great talk and he listend to me and didnt get upset. 
my daughter. 
Martin. 
a better conversation with my daughter. 
My wife and children 
1. 
1. 
Running Shoes - Having a great pair of running shoes makes me feel like I've invested in myself. 
health 
meditated this morning an open my eyes to see a silly cat lying beside me on it's back with paws reaching out towards me. 
look modest and fair. 
Nice hot weather 
My healthy family 
so grateful that Chris survived the car wreck and is still here with me. 
i have a comfortable home to live in. 
my ability to work from home, especially on this dismal day with no childcare 
My better half came outside to check on me because it was raining very hard. 
Today I was grateful to be able to finally open up to my best friend about the way I had been treated by her partner and tell her how sad it had made me feel. 
My oil paints, I have never used them. 
I am blessed with a job. 
We got through the entire play in rehearsal tonight in about 2 hours. 
the awesome friends that I have, both the new ones and the old ones. 
very, very grateful to have my work computer back. 
made my new friend Lorena laugh. 
My grading went well today. 
Yesterday we had a picnic lunch at work 
house 
Tyler 
Spending time with my godson 
Tim - he makes me laughs, loves me adnd makes me feel loved and appreciated 
Always there when I need them even better when I don't realize I need them. 
because at my work today was not stressfull. 
new people, getting rid of toxic ones.I've met creative, inspiring ppl who accept me for me. 
Feeling rested from my exercise last night. 
That Elizabeth is in my life, and has the courage to tell me difficult things. 
my husband and daughter, my family and my friends. 
waking up this morning in a sobor state of mind. 
I work from home and can spend lots of time with my children. 
kim texted to say she miss me at the party, she will be glad if i can attend and that made me feel important 
my supportive and patient husband. 
Helen is coming over to pick up the registrations today and picking up our racing packets tomorrow. 
My nephew. 
My co-workers made many jokes today 
My imperfect body. 
My car hasn't broken xD 
there was no party at home so I can study 
A girl who was running, while I was running, waved me and smiled (: 
my coworker Rene, she takes time to explain a process in an easy to understand way. 
My sons and I have a good relationship. 
New furniture for my classroom 
My pups very happy to see me while picking up at groomer. 
swimming and pool exercises 
Will came to the location of an offsite meeting I was having for work to give me a hug as he was headed to his own job. 
waking up every morning with a man that loves me. 
Agradezco mi salud perfecta!!! Tengo una salud maravillosa y mi cuerpo me responde cada día mejor! 
made it to work on time 
theatre 
to have shared dinner with my loving family. 
was not in a lot of physical pain today 
being alive. 
was happy that I woke up with my health 
was able to connect with my friend Pablo and realized he is going through a similar emotional situation as me. 
My Babaji 
My rakhi brother rishi and his constant nagging. 
Made cards today 
my healthy body 
Holding hands with my partner 
He reassured me after a hard week how much he loved me and would never do a thing to jeoprodize our relationship. 
I live with great girls this summer 
wasn't late. 
incompatibility with people you thought were your "friends" -- we've confronted each other and let bygones be bygones and learned to accept each others flaws 
I was able to hit the floor running this morning and getting several things done around the house: call tmobile, call target, empty purses, a couple loads of laundry, cleaned the kitchen. 
Having my kids here with me. 
my job that allows me to interact with interesting people. 
got the credit card statements done 
great full for my boyfriend and my son 
Yesterday I was very uncomfortable with my physical condition and not at all in a mood to cook the dinner my husband solved my problem by making the dinner and I greatly thankful to him. 
My past relationship with the same person I am with now. 
my new fiancé 
good 
have a job that pays well. 
my colleagues 
A very good friend 
Tyler met me on the west side. 
to my partner for taking time out from work to change my tyre over today. 
My DSLR camera: I have always loved photography and was so excited to get a really good camera. 
I was able to get an appointment at the dentist on Tuesday. 
My partner complimented on my extra tasty tuna bake, it was extra tasty because I added mayonnaise to it. 
that soon I will get to have more work from one of the companies I work for, and it will be fun! 
The caissons coming by 
The white pair of shoes- made me look and feel good, but only for so long 
went to my aunty house with my mom by walk ,and i buyed toys in the near by shop. 
Going to Oregon with my dad. 
Being able to work from home 
Yesterday's commute wasn't as slow or stressful. 
my family. 
home 
Family 
Touchscreen Laptop - I just had to have it for school and really wanted the touchscreen feature to take full advantage of the new Windows 8 experience. 
made it up 87 stairs today and wasn't panting and exhausted. 
managed to gain control on my own. 
my baby sound make me happy 
A roof over my head 
Rachel and Rachel's wellness for her amazing support around her program, which will become my program too. 
my life 
so grateful that Jack is happy and healthy. 
my children 
my room. 
do not have to worry about passing my final exams next year because I know I will achieve it! 
One Piece Figures 
Scarf 
my parents were so accepting in letting me move back in with them while going to college. 
I've got a job that I love this year- last summer, I had a job I absolutely hated. 
1. 
Friends who have never quit on me, even after years and years. 
can broaden my career and grad school options now that I am single. 
got to work on time, dressed nice, and my hair looks good. 
Console table 
my beautiful children 
my mom and my dad for giving me this life who helped me to express my feelings by talking and locate a happiness and listen to happyness 
Going to the Movies 
A pair of new sneakers I just had to have were worn for a week and now sit on the shoe rack. 
Family: Is very important to me. 
Just having that listening ear that doesn't judge is so encouraging. 
my boy friend ,he,s the greatest person i ever met.he love me and care me always,i feel amazing. 
Katie included me as the Man of Honor in her wedding! 
Estoy agradecida porque tendremos un rico barbacue con mi amiga Constanza 
Longer lunch? 
Different and Inspiring individuals 
Alive 
my kids 
health of my family 
My nephew Jacobi- he's a ball of joy. 
enjoying working in Matthew's room 
Okay I'm really grateful for my blog today because it took drawings that I used to keep to myself and shared them with so many people in the world who can relate to my little doodles. 
My laptop. 
1. 
my friend Isabel. 
have really shiny wavy hair. 
I have found a really good way to exercise and have fun. 
Okay so being at work has lately been legitimately hard... but there are always silver linings... right?Today the person who stresses me out the most took the day off... so the office was really happy feeling! 
1. 
got a warm cup of tea to soothe the tickle of illness in my throat. 
That Yonadab still likes to talk to me. 
Mom woke me up with a smile 
deadlines 
saw Nicole Waner on the way to work, after I missed my bus and waited 15 min for Bus 70. 
don't have to worry about my TEFL/TESOL certification exam -- I took it last Thursday! 
Yesterday I was sure I'd miss my bus on my way to work, but it came right when I got to the bus stop! 
I have a happy, healthy and loving little baby! 
My son won an award for kindness! 
1. 
Today was a day when I didn't feel ultra-fatigued (I have fibromyalgia). 
When my husband was on dialysis it wasn't so much worrying about his life that was hard. 
I live in a (mostly) clean home where we don't have to worry about pests like bedbugs. 
Chambray shirt 
made the phone calls & emails I needed to do 
alive and heathy 
a refrigerator with food 
have a electric kettle to boil water in less time 
got to attend the meeting with Dr.Badea, Ziba and Deborah. 
was worried about having anesthesia for getting a tooth pulled off. 
living out of home 
Julie not stressing about bag 
Reading with Allie 
breath 
my car works 
was in and out of docs office in one hour and had 2exams out of the way.did 
my children 
The BaubleBar SoHo pop up shop launch party was great! 
living in New York. 
Mac bookAmazing laptop worth the moneyWould be devastated if it was taken away 
My laptop being taken away... would devastate me. 
The opportunities I've received to play basketball and the support that everyone around me has given. 
was sincerely praised on my commitment, skill and athleticism by a friend of my father's. 
My first camera!!! 
Patient expressed gratitude for the help we have given him and reminded me that I'm doing something that really makes a difference. 
being alive. 
managed to understand that life has a special meaning 
Owning my own home. 
another day! 
the unwaivering love from my family, even in my least proud moments of life. 
Pysyin pääosin facilitaattorimoodissa pahoissa KPI palavereissa 
took a day off work to help my sister, who is adding onto their small house to accommodate her growing family. 
My Son calls me to say he loves me 
live with my best friends 
My children, grandchildren and family 
my sister was so generous with washing the dishes and being helpful generally. 
Safe spacious environment 
having had another day to enjoy my children n my boyfriend 
Thanks god to give me a great parents.and 
saw my favorite cousin early today when I ride the same bus she ride. 
Loving Husband 
New socks -- I was really looking forward to this, having warm and comfortable socks and thought I'd found just the right ones. 
A reason to get me outside walking every day -- my dog! 
my children and their being in the world.I am proud of the young man and young woman they have become,their values and goodness.The ability to give love and touch the lives of others.They want to be of service to others.I love them so. 
Got to go for a walk on a beautiful evening by myself 
Education 
My family and their health 
awake each day grateful that my children are healthy and developing without obstacles and difficulties. 
can walk. 
New high heel shoes - 20% discount by chance. 
My Computers & electronic devices helps keep me organized, creative, and relevant 
My boss acknowledged my good work with set up of WWBCIT 
the change of seasons. 
Supportive family 
Connected with God & having guruji in my life to guide me. 
My new Dell laptop. 
my Mom and her encouragement. 
nail polish kit- I guess I was alittle excited when I bought it. 
Happy, healthy kids 
When Mom was sick and after she died, I managed everything with grace, poise and strength. 
I can work from home and arrange my hours, so that I can be available to my kids. 
Our new house is beautiful in a great neighborhood 
My commute is a time to let my thoughts wander, hear music I like, sing, or just marvel at nature, which is sometimes the best thing of all. 
I can drink the water from the tap without dying. 
Being sober for the last 3 years and 1 Monthhaving my health and all my family is healthyhaving a job being able to support my family 
had a great chicken kebab 
my farm in the country 
Larry 
i have a mother that love me for who i am 
sharing love in our home w my family and animals. 
A friend sent an e-mail link to a movie trailer. 
Wondering how someone felt about me. 
my family 
to have had help today. 
Waking up in the morning and knowing I have another day to get it right, be productive and contribute to someone else's happiness 
A cop didn't pull me over 
Personal Progress 
Beutiful new daughter 
Graham stopped by work to say hello before head back out, and he call me "[his] favourite typist". 
Jacob hasn't called me any names lately. 
amgreatful for the snuggle time with my son this morning. 
a friend of ours is making time to say hi 
Ramen - I was super happy to have a bowl of ramen after months of craving. 
two people in my life who mean the world to me, my mom and my boyfriend. 
life 
would feel important, accomplished and untouchable. 
My boyfriend. 
My amazing friends and family 
Television 
Grateful hubby helps with the kids and around the house. 
many friends 
Talented friends 
paying a mortgage 
Video game 
have a great relationship with my boss 
Money (on a small scale)It's nice to be able to fill the tank up when needed and not have to worry if there is enough money in my account to cover it. 
Walter told me he loved me. 
still have a roof over my head. 
truly grateful for my family being supportive,loving,caring and understanding.I am grateful for my education,luxury,clothes,foods. 
Someone I hadn't seen for a few months told me I look great. 
meditation tapes 
Grateful for the basic things in life. 
my father--that he always put effort into his work and make sure he do his work diligently, and he always gives suggestions to improve the system BUT his supervisors always took his Ideas and said they gave the Idea. 
being there when I needed them 
get to live by myself. 
don't have to worry about paying my bills right now. 
Resigned my lease 
Being off work for several weeks. 
Andy Murray won his tennis match 
The opportunity to be happy... To have found God in my ability and capacity to find joy in myself and in the world. 
He smiles every time I walk in the door. 
thay im able to stick eith my current diet 
cleaning apartment 
Making dinner tonight entirely on my own. 
I spent a fun day with Cassidy and we had lots of fun, shopping, eating lunch etc 
My son is ok. 
Car-It made me feel like I arrived. 
being alive. 
went shopping.I took care of some of my sons needs.I cooked dinner. 
my roomate is home with me keeping me and my son company. 
to my son. 
My separation and divorce was a time that I was able to cope through. 
Handbag - I saw this handbag in the store, lusted so much after it for months as I didn't buy it the first time as it was expensive for me...but after a few months I went to the store again and found it and was so happy to see it wasn't sold and I bought it...it just is awesome and classy and made me so happy...and I use it as a vacation bag...especially for Vegas! 
Josseline 
My husband bought me some of my favorite foods when he went to the grocery store. 
laughter with my family 
my beautiful lady 
My family 
Invited to a housewarming party 
All three of my items are two-way streets. 
test 
my family... 
comfortable 
very much great full to God and my parent 
Thusitha 
My boyfriend 
feel grateful for the understanding my family have given me, even though I am a pain in the ass 
The sense of family that I get from my coworkers. 
A NEIGHBOR BOUGHT ME LUNCH WHEN SHE LEARNED THAT MY DOG HAD DIED 
work because it allows me to be creative on occassions 
not with my dickhead ex boyfriend and in a loving and supportive relationship. 
my beautiful and supportive family. 
Our beautiful family and friends. 
my god 
my family 
my family 
Finished the conveyancing postcard 
Beautiful, smart children who love me 
Nice house in a great city 
Feeling good enough to do extra work out and feeling great afterwards. 
it was good to have support from my sister and my mother today 
woke up it means another chance. 
I have a home and a loving family. 
People covering my lessons 
having family 
Heavenly Fathers unconditional love 
W+B time 
Family 
Having my children 
Pookie & I were able to have dinner and dessert together. 
My son who is a great person 
grey coatI like that coat. 
nice looking 
richard listened kindly on the phone 
spaghetti bolognese 
my dog, having a place to come home to at night, being able to take a shower, an having food on the table. 
Vicki-for her continual support and love. 
my children. 
carreally struggled to learn drivingnow drive much better.really 
all 3 meals of the day that were prepared by my mom. 
managed to cover most of the emails I needed to 
Marco (elitesportsman & friend, 22 years old) being kind and helpful without being asked 
A friend who turned out to be, in fact, a friend :) 
Driving went seriously smoothless, buzy roads but everyone driving nicely, both ways too :) 
My girls, they can really make me laugh sometimes. 
Roy - great (older) coach whom I respect a lot - getting a chair for me, so that I would sit ok while watching his training :) 
Cleaning and making our downstairs a lot nicer and calmer place to be. 
Yesterday was a mix of good and not so great. 
My video-camera. 
A coworker made me laugh when she showed me a video of a news anchor having an accident. 
out of a couple toxic relationships. 
was able to travel with no problems.... my car door was fixed 
Ability to read and absorb information. 
would be grateful if I could find my dream beside those useless things. 
a wonderful Husband - who is a great chef and a kind person 
możliwość bycia z ukochaną osobą 
My son and mom are healthy. 
Apt 
have a loving husband with a wonderful extended family 
a new sense of self worth 
Getting a lot of work done including stuff even at the end of the day 
my dog, she loves me for me!! 
Basil 
got to brisk walk for almost an hour yesterday 
My brother's support 
My son was happy, that we were both at home again and See us After 3 days of Separation. 
Sarah listened to me banter again about Rich and gave me some more advice and wisdom. 
really grateful for having such a friendly, supportive team in SDC. 
My education. 
Commute was good. 
Someone said I was cute. 
Shoes the converses 
Torchwood DVD Season 1 SetReally happy...very into that showI would miss it, but I could buy another 
Good health, good financial situation 
Grateful for.......My husband. 
My health 
My husband made me breakfast in bed. 
Having my family support my initiatives. 
Have a family 
Got a call from home 
bathing suit 
had a walk with my husband today to talk about a big decision. 
house 
Plant 
A roof over my head 
owning my own business where I can make my own decisions 
parents 
was happy to go to haileys birthday party 
My friend invited me to her house to study for exams. 
Positive interactions with co-workers 
Wife 
1. 
I am able to live with the person I love and one of my best friends 
the wonderful friends we had here for dinner tonight. 
I met my daddy 
was able to submit my passport application 
my mister 
the sane, honest rebel who I call my mister. 
Cry 
My neighbors shared their dinner, scavenger hunted for bricks with me, and helped with my basement project today! 
This person always makes me feel good about myself. 
company 
my loving family who is always there for me and always working hard to keep us happy. 
There's a book called the 5 Languages of Love. 
muruga 
1. 
a full healthy body and mind. 
The 6th of August Robin took Shay to his moms house for the afternoon and surprised me when I got home from work with a bouquet of beautiful roses and a sweet picnic. 
Shoes 
received a call friend 
My Family: I do really have a great family that are loving and connected and we will be attending my little sister graduation together :) 
Was told thanks because I lent a hand. 
Getting the dishes done 
An awesome husband and amazing kids! 
My health. 
friends 
Keselesaan masa tengah hari 
my home. 
to have emily as a friend 
having a very supportive husband. 
cell phone 
my house 
relationships/boyfriend 
Travail 
My friend messaging me from England. 
My health 
my Mom who always stands by me 
an understanding family 
yesterday when i came to my workplace i was feeling very low because i had an argument with my mom over the phone . 
my 2 children 
good,thankful,excited 
was able to mow the lawn before the rain started 
did yard work and made my lawn look beautiful. 
An expensive Coach purse. 
I am able to keep my large, two story home clean and uncluttered. 
Don't have to worry about being in a bad marriage--thats all over with. 
always grateful for my sons first. 
having the energy to walk after work. 
Husband who tries to be positive most of the time. 
having the love of my daughter and my grand children 
I've recently moved to a flat ie Down sized thanks to goverment,I really did'nt want to n it was hard to accept it but i have n i'm OK lol infact i like it here. 
greatfull for my stregths in mind body n spirit,i am so much better n nicer than i was when i was younger life has been hard but i am proud n i am strong. 
Sitting here waiting...... something I regret 
I have a job. 
a kiss goodbye from my husband every morning before work 
IPhone Case - I wanted it just because I wanted something cute for my phone and I've never used it. 
Jewelry making stuff-loved it but couldn't find wire and gave up 
my children! 
My daughter and the love and light she brings into my life e-v-e-r-y day. 
living in my brother's house and able to celebrate his birthday by just going upstairs 
so grateful that I have been able to move forward in my daily tasks with a sense of capability. 
Both of my sons have now graduated from High School. 
went to dinner with friends last night. 
refrained from strangling my 18 year old son! 
my cat is still alive 
My debts have just been paid up 
the all the rain. 
to have taken my two beautiful dogs for a run along the coastline in the beautiful western cape 
I have some nice mom friends to share things with. 
have great time with my friends yesterday. 
Nice house 
Being in a job I am paid for my work 
marriage/dating 
free time 
extra vitamins 
my mum and sisters visited me for the dayas it was thomass birtday he would have 29 on saturday 8th june 2013 
Lego 
Phone 
had fun on the river yesterday 
don't have to worry about not having a roof over my head 
went to the graveyard with grandparent 
my intelligent lovable cat who is extremely understanding and shows it. 
The weather is fine today (Denmark) and I Can go for a walk. 
my appearance and health as these are often things that cannot easily be changed, I feel as though people can be judged on their appearance too readily and can result in people who are not as fortunate as others being treated unfairly and not given so much opportunity. 
My daughter had her tenth birthday party and was surrounded by friends and family. 
would say a new car. 
I get to live in a cute apartment in a great neighborhood and I can afford it! 
my pup Bella. 
employment 
My family and the infinite amount of love they give me. 
enjoy my students 
good friends 
get to leave a little bit earlier today due to an offsite meeting 
Having a home 
Having someone that works hard to support his family 
Laptop 
Could work from home... 
one-on-one lecture styles 
job 
health 
Bicycle: I thought I was going to ride it every day. 
Indicators are done and ready for tomorrow 
have a job on my field, I love the company and people I work with. 
My orthodontics' appointment, since that was my last job and I dealt with so many issues forgiving them for what happened. 
My pets, I have two cats, I brought them from Colombia, they are the love of my heart. 
Bought gifts for family yesterday. 
The first thing I'm grateful for is my health and body. 
my new apartment. 
my children are as great as they are...How they have come through this hard times we have had 
New clothes from Boyds 
europe/paris 
car 
Having an apartment that is oceanfront with friends that I consider family 
our tenants moved out and we have new tenants moving in who are friends, will pay more per month, are quiet and clean. 
the peaceful atmosphere 
My friends helping thru a hard time. 
Jonathan--Let it be and it might be. 
Work, for the most part. 
The friendships I have developed. 
My home. 
Felt good and wanted to tackle things that were on my mind 
Having a great job, a fantastic boss and a great environment 
I'm employed and have the basics. 
Jacket. 
Gezondheid : Ik ben gezond! 
Mom and Dad! 
today is a start of a new year! 
being...me! 
My Galaxy phone. 
Cats, :) I am thankful for my 4 lovely, funny, silly cats! 
I am healthy! 
First thing that brightened my day was, that it today is a new day. 
1. 
1. 
Been helping mom and dad straighten one of their shops up. 
Day off. 
coming home early and being able to clean my dishes from earlier 
studied 5 pages of fisica dei laser 
My new iron fist shoes... 
my clique. 
had a dream run into work, it was a relaxed, easy drive. 
1. 
my good health because it is the foundation of life. 
Appreciates me as I am without unfairly judging me 
My family 
gratefull for my bodyI am gratefull for my lifei am gratefull for always having enough moneyi am gratefull for my thomas 
My mum coming up with an idea that saved me money and time 
my soon to be husband thomas 
1. 
Acceptance/accepting - even if we have different opinions and preferences on some issues or hobbies, there is mutual respect. 
My job and family is the only thing that matters really, materials don't mean much to me. 
Phone 
The dogs managed to not be covered in mud from the torrential rains 
Healthy Sons 
First off I was grateful to be alive today. 
Bozena and her becoming like a mom to me 
car 
the snuggles my son gave me first thing in the morning. 
my sister Shellie, she is always there for me. 
a friend who is away called and was supportive over me struggling with letting go and i supported him with his difficulties in making a life choice at current 
One cup coffee maker- I wanted to have it, it was cool and easy. 
was able help people who were lost in the hospital find their way 
Money 
Was asked to work in theatre today . 
My heart not leaping out my chest 
going out which is never easy 
My PSVita I wanted so badly because I'd lost my DS. 
all the friends that grace me with their presence so that I never have to feel truly alone. 
When I woke up in the morning, I'd felt like I was on shaky ground. 
Dinner got done early 
My daughter Kaylee. 
umm 
my daughter is doing well this summer with work and school. 
paid off a credit card that I had held for over twenty years. 
So thankful that my mom loves me so much and always makes sure that I'm ok, not hungry and happy 
Laptop 
Talking with my daughter on the phone about her appointment and upcoming events 
iphone 
good sense of humor 
Getting a new suitFelt great, prepared for my internshipIf taken away, I would feel that I lost a serious investment. 
To have a very loving,thoughtful and good husband. 
my close family and the way we all love and care for each other. 
my first mobile phone 
brought a car after my divorce 
the people who can make me laugh 
Happy that I have a beautiful apartment that's clean and safe. 
my loyalty I get/have from my friends. 
Oboe teacher offered to help with reeds. 
Don't really care 
work with a good organization, which makes me feel content. 
to have my family doing well. 
to be well and feeling good each day 
new shirt :) 
my apartment 
The girls I work with. 
Bad relationship. 
Katie Hager 
Beautiful sunrise 
His hard work 
My car didn't break down 
New Jumper 
Clothes- felt good about myself because i was wearing the same old thing so to hve something new was exciting- 
Brother Starnes wants to play bass with me. 
my beautiful daughter who is loving, funny, and loves cuddles. 
got kudos from a new co-worker in a more senior role. 
Laptop- I wouldnt have to worry about the old one 
Friends who want to spend time with me. 
My family is in overall good health. 
Death of my dad. 
Wonderful man 
Ferris wheels 
being able to achieve balance between home, personal and work life. 
To run a business with the love of my life. 
woke up to a brand new day- I am grateful to God. 
My family. 
have a home 
clothes van,and shoes 
Sherry's birthday is coming up and Jasmin and I are taking her out for dinner. 
g.rateful for my boyfriend helping me move house in a calm and fun manner 
My sister pointed out that I can't say "th"; and I always thought my accent was superlative. 
A lie in this morning 
Cups of tea and breakfast 
Getting on with Alison 
my beautiful home 
My family 
having food, a roof on my head and a cosy bed to sleep on. 
Mike gave me a kiss goodbye. 
Craig called 
My husband 
My Mom was very ill last year & we thought she might die. 
my mom. 
to be alive today. 
Absolutely marvellous!! 
having a partner and dog happy to see me when i come home 
My healthy cats 
being independent raising a healthy child without financial help 
When I woke up this morning, my bed felt so cozy and comfortable and I was grateful that I could hit the snooze button a few times! 
1. 
Yoga; calmness, quiet, peace, balance, release, compassion, cultivation. 
to have such an amazing son who always makes me smile and makes me appreciate the little things in life. 
furry friends 
My parents allowed me to stay in their house during my tough times these past few months. 
Losing my keys in a commuter lot. 
Yesterday I purchased a massage for my step father. 
Jon tells me everyday that he loves me and means it. 
Campaigning - Not again until next spring! 
got ready quickly. 
a job that is flexible and the understanding, intelligent people I work with. 
Incredible marriage 
Jon for calling the mortgage company. 
my parents, my brothers, my family and my boyfriend who loves me 
My son came to visit 
today is a day off work 
enjoy my daughter's sparkle in her eye and her youthful energy. 
A colleague at work offered hang out if I ever feel lonely. 
trip 
taking a walk with my daughter after work and having the time to spend with her. 
Sitting outside in the front yard, feeling thw ind blowing air, watching the green of the leaves and their dance and music. 
The beautiful sunny weather in Alaska today so I can enjoy working in my garden. 
Dreama gave birth to a healthy baby boy and is doing well herself. 
My daughter is healthy and smart. 
My friends are AMAZING! 
Een relatie waar ik trots op kan zijn 
one umbrellamade me little happy as it is a thing of daily use and i needed that. 
husband thanked me for my help around the house 
Dont need to pay rent 
to have a job 
Spent time with Brody 
My family and friends who love me for who I am and always are there for me no matter what. 
My new McBook 
Camera Reflex 
didn't have to wake my bf up today to take me to work.. he woke up all by himself & was ready to go even before I was! 
To have a wonderful family. 
Responses to sms 
Woody loves me 
Had a good day, very busy, but productive. 
The first thing I'm most grateful is my friends. 
I´m very greatfull about my sister helping my mother at home because I have to work full time three times a week. 
Grateful I made progress on campaign 
my kids 
My family; they are my pride and joy and it makes me happy just being around them. 
Preparing dinner for 30 people - is exhausting, but makes me so happy when everyone enjoys the festivities and traditions 
gave my talk at church and it went well. 
my beautiful, loving and respectful daughter Jenell; she has such a wonderful spirit and an awesome sense of humor! 
serenity! 
going through a breakup and my best friend told my ex off.. on his fb status... needless to say that I love that girl. 
My home is safe 
My friend wanting my advice 
to wake up to a beautiful view of cows and nature in a large comfy bed, next to a handsome man who is getting more affectionate. 
My dog 
having such awesome parents 
my kitten, who is always happy to see me and purrs his head off when I get home. 
Graduate school and stressing over deadlines and getting so much work done. 
got to my dinner date on time with no traffic 
managed to get through 60 emails in the first half of my day. 
was offered an opportunity because I was the first person someone thought of. 
Shoes 
being a muslim 
My home 
went for a beautiful long walk with my dogs 
had soem lovely lesiurie at evening 
Having to answer to a significant other. 
was thankful for getting Jack cleaned up. 
The love and support for continuous improvement I get from my family and my mother. 
An emergency trip to Venezuela had to be done on my birthdate and I had no money but only enough for my plane tickets. 
She's always there no matter what.she 
broke up with my boyfriend and salvaged the friendship. 
My husband 
my children make me laugh 
Shana was sweet when we were walking, she said that talking to me helped her feel calmer. 
My son 
internet - so that i can grow and continue my self development 
Witchery Dress. 
my dog 
Spending the day with friends, if even at an inservice. 
Was Grateful my Mum called to see me today 
Drew always listening to me when it matters, and finding a way to help me feel better when I am frustrated with health/anxiety concerns. 
Got baby to eat blueberry in pancakes 
My daughter Whitney gave me a great haircut and some great conversation - I felt very close to her today and that is always something I'm grateful for. 
John. 
Not teaching school anymore - major stress 
got up at 4:30 on my own. 
Joe giving me a kiss on my head- I worry about him being mad at me. 
ate chocolate cake and chocolate oatmeal. 
it stopped raining today. 
Sleeping in in the mornings 
Working at my previous job. 
Keurig Coffee Machine - I probably didn't really need it. 
had dinner with my beautiful wife 
investment went up 
Me siento muy bendecida por tener a mi hijo, de un modo u otro él me ha mantenido a flote y no me ha dejado hundirme en una fatal depresión. 
My family 
my degree 
Bob helped train Magic to walk in the horse trailer!!! 
so grateful to have Gabbs next to me on the couch right now. 
my children recognizing I need help around the house. 
My partner thinks highly of me and says so - I'm thankful for that because it makes me feel more confident. 
A comfortable, warm home in winter. 
son did dishes, he is happy. 
having a house to come to and having the basic necessities in life to give to my daughters 
My Girlfriend 
Losing my job 
my friend smiled and gave me a big hello 
still have my Cairn Terrier, Merlin, now 14 years old, and a wonderful companion. 
Tanya texting me about 16 more days until vegas. 
Seeing friends at BBQ 
Jesus. 
Having my family around me and knowing they love me unconditionally 
The fact that my husband was made redundant from him job a couple of months ago. 
My family was excited, supportive, and responsible about picking up our new puppy. 
Ella 
Estoy agradecida por que pude bailar. 
my siblings that try to understand issues my mind is mixed up with along with other members of the family 
their support 
Jamie giving me a cuddle and making me smile. 
used to be a youth leader on an estate whereby some of the young people were quite difficult and from troubled backgrounds. 
My kids had cleaned up by the time I got up, and did so way better than I thought they would. 
don't have to worry about fire from a forest fire at the moment. 
Got everything from the storage room for this weekend's events. 
My car - if taken away I would have no transportation 
My job 
i am fit and fine and I have no health problems. 
got my result and I passed. 
cooked dinner for everyone at home and they really liked it. 
I am a nice person. 
My friend stopped by to meet me and since I was having a bad day I felt really good. 
don't have to worry about me nor anyone in my family being sick nor my friends who are close to me. 
could meditate for the first time today without getting myself distracted. 
grand kids clothes and toy shopping makes me feel good that I can help provide for their needs 
my children. 
supportive girlfriend 
working for a company where th boss wanted me out and he was stealing money from the company. 
Installing a new website template went quite smoothly 
New Clothes-I felt excited about buying somenew summer clothes. 
Someone to help me with household chores 
my life, my kids, my health, me waking up every morning, for all learning moments in life 
Family - my family is my foundation and I love them very much. 
met a new person who suggested i learn to paint with her she is an artist 
owning a car 
Dress 
That Christ died to save us and that our family have a relationship with God. 
relationship 
The people I get to work with. 
My friendship with Julie , listening and being there with honest advice. 
did not use drugs 
had a peaceful and relaxing breakfast 
My job 
To have a husband that loves me and provides for me. 
My art studio. 
my family. 
One of my most stressful times has been dealing with a relationship that has been unsatisfying for a while...we had both drifted apart. 
my family. 
Sandwich brought for me 
fun to be with 
have very nice Job to work on.. 
got some good ideas for things to add to bLoPs. 
a working car that had enough gas to take us places today. 
don't have to worry about trying to keep my house in pristine condition to try and sell it. 
Getting the kids to get their chores done went smoothly this morning. 
to have a home that adequately fits our family and has a yard for my kids to play in. 
a home that fits my family comfortably. 
a tough situation I turned it around and made it better. 
3 things that went smoothly today:1. 
Going for a tea and scone with Shonali 
Having a roof over my head. 
My parents love and support 
my son's failing school. 
my 5d markii. 
Grown children are prospering and happy 
O Marcos saiu no meio da aula de laboratório de CIs dele para me acompanhar até o ponto de ônibus e esperar comigo lá até eu ir embora. 
Trip to Recife and concert at Omake: during the three days I've been to Recife and also during the overnight airplane trips, I was faced with a lot of obstacles and potentially stressful conditions, like stomach ache, lack of time to sleep, lack of time to practice stage performance, lack of complete support to adjust instrument volumes, diarrhea, etc..., and also, of course, the biggest challenge of all: overcoming my fear of singing and my fear of stage by presenting myself as the lead of the band to 3000 people. 
(What went smoothly?) 
Fui na casa do Yo e ele me emprestou o violão por essas férias! 
having friends. 
Working on flashcard with kindergarten. 
1. 
Loving husband 
my family, especially Sandra and Mom and Dad. 
my family. 
my best friend's intelligence. 
Today I attended a Colorado Association of Developmental Education Conference, and I was elected to serve as secretary of the organization. 
spending time with con 
was able to get lots of sleep with out any noise or greif from anyone. 
Hearing from my best friend this morning 
Friends 
My job and the new opportunities. 
Farm fresh eggs.... they were from my uncle. 
cloth i was so happy because it was new and i had something new to wear 
My retirement 
My coworker and I realized we really do work well together. 
Yesterday I went to Jenna's birthday night and felt greatful to have close friends that I can talk to about my real feelings and get honest opinions. 
My morning was peaceful and quiet 
My mom coming to help with tonight 
My family 
potted up plants and arranged patio to look nice 
today im grateful for being able to spend time with my son and being on vacation just seeing him be happy with his friends. 
The twins. 
woke up this morning after having what I call a small breakdown, and feel like a totally different person! 
gratefull for my mom being considerate and letting me sleep a little later because I had a long day yesterday. 
so grateful for my children, they teach me more daily than I've ever known and show me the meaning of love constantly! 
my great family and my real friends. 
had a chat and a giggle with dawn at lunch 
Wondering if Tim is going to have a hissy fit and yell at me 
didnt have to see my manager 
My cat.... 
have a talent for making people SMILE 
good friends 
My husband and his unconditional love. 
My car accident 
was able to take a nap without interruption. 
actually got a little exercise 
my son 
the boxelder bug problem has decreased amazingly. 
my boyfriend and his never ending optimism. 
My relationship with Dylan. 
Having a loving, protective Saint Bernard to play with and enjoy walks 
A home to live in with everything I need 
got new artwork done! 
Brad and I having problems 
I got to see Rob and Richard in the hospital, it really made me happy to brighten their day. 
My Tablet - I was SO determined to have it, and the universe delivered it to me. 
the place we have to stay, the home of it, rent and utility free, what an AMAZING gift 
Laptop 
all of the wonderful opportunities I have been afforded in my life. 
Feeling good psychologically 
Medicine not opiates 
My husband's sweet notes in the morning, wishing me a great day. 
feel beyond blessed to be working where I am now, and out of the coffee/retail business. 
All my work today was busy enough to help pass time and not enough to stress about. 
was able to wake up early and do a morning yoga session by myself. 
Having breakfast in the morning with my husband. 
my supportive husband and daugher. 
my family 
Nurse Jackie 
Bron has been keeping in touch and checking if I am ok. 
My mother listens and respects what I have to say, and is very interested in my opinions and news. 
getting work and being in control of my finances. 
my husband sent me a you don't deserve me text. 
Cool students that came over. 
I am NOT as close to homelessness as the man I told I was today. 
having my dog. 
Yesterday I went to a play that was amazing :) 
being able to finish a task 
My daughter, grandchildren, son-in law 
went on vacation with daughter/son-in-law/2 grandchildren. 
waking up 
John's support with helping me get ready for work in the mornings 
Matty passing-didn't numb self like last time with Dad. 
my kids 
Denim vest 
got a txt from a peer that made me smile 
A work colleague handed me a book which contained words that made me smile 
to have been able to have my family at home with me tonight. 
I have I job 
Phillip's unconditional love 
my car and home 
hubs is very helpful 
two amazing young sons. 
having 2 wonderful children 
Mom/Jon "I love you." 
brightly colored dress from anthro, just haven't had a place to wear it, but it looks beautiful on... 
to be alive 
a card from a friend 
The love of nature. 
started exercise today. 
Doug put Quentin to bed without me asking him to or complaining. 
don't have to worry about infidelity. 
spoke to a old friend today that lift my spirits 
my daughter will be home tomorrow!!! :) 
family 
Traveling on the train in us invests class today...so much different than working for someone else 
My 2 Sons growing in to fine young men 
Continuing my first oil painting 
my job as much as it annoys me at times. 
the love of my parents 
My friends who are such an important part of my life. 
1. 
to wake up to beautiful, compassionate children. 
my "hunger" to improve my overall lifestyle. 
Having 2 jobs 
Camping invite 
Grateful for my wife 
The dogs have been going potty outside more often 
Dress they where I haven't bought in while 
My health 
Nice people / Support 
Massive exhibition yearly in Germany - products missing after a while I thought it through and located them. 
My children 
I am who I am. 
started reading a book yesterday. 
My 
the unemployment document finally arrived in the mail 
My mother is my friend and great companion 
Period when my mother was struggling with illness. 
A husband who never stops believing in me. 
I' m grateful for my family 
dont have to worry about my relationship with my savior. 
an understanding husband 
My other half John and my puppies 
Spent time laughing with friends. 
iamgratefulforhavingasafehometolivein 
Nice manager who supports me and understands 
mom 
Talking to Jeri on the phone back home 
when i am sharing the things that happened in my lab with my husband 
That my little sister will let me rant about what is upsetting me. 
Being able to fully concentrate on school and starting my business because of my amazing man who works very hard for us. 
Living kind of a normal healthy life 
have a good job & good positionI enjoy the company of my boss & co-workers 
would feel more comfortable in a new car; for having a good AC that actually work on a hot day,I wouldn't consume much gas like the one i have now 
Attended some interesting lectures on psychology and company culture 
Have had breakfast 
My Everything Ji being willing to and actually listened to me yesterday 
Apple Iphone 
Afghani food 
Dei and I did not have a fight 
Ian came and told me what he has been worrying about, made me feel a lot better! 
My religion 
Having a place of our own to raise our family. 
Credit Card Debt 
Owning our first house 
my daughter is doing well on her summer school course; that she is working hard to fix her situation 
My God. 
so thankful for my amazing son. 
my home. 
Beautiful house,quiet, lovely views 
the people who love me and care about me no matter what I do. 
My children 
I'll be seeing my friends soon 
Freyja 
My life, the fact that I did wake up this morning and that I am able to do participate. 
my benefits 
Mum , i am grateful for having such a wonderful mum 
spending time with my kids 
to have a supportive significant other who always is there for me. 
completing graduate school applications- I broke the process down and completed a few of them at a time 
wife 
Perfume - smell good, feminine 
Enjoyed working/talking with Pat. 
I was able to livestream videogames today. 
Firstly, I'm glad I don't have to do my internship again for school. 
My children. 
My co-worker makes me laugh 
My Husband and family 
have supportive and fun coworkers that care about me, and have brought me food when I was poor. 
don't have to worry about keeping my scholarship or good grades because I have graduated college. 
was able to pack all of the boxes before closing time despite forgetting that I had to do that today. 
A painting in Hawaii for $50. 
A painting of a turtle. 
Having a healthy family 
I have had time off to do laundry, be here for the workers to do repairs and make our place look nicer. 
Wreck less, numb living 
Texts from Batch made me feel known, understood, and less lonely. 
my boyfriend was willing to sit down and plan our trip with me 
feel so lucky to have Katherine as a friend. 
God always show me the way to do things when i feel completely loss. 
My house is beautiful and clean 
my dogs, Bella and Sadie. 
House has stayed fairly tidy since the last declutter 
An expensive meal from a local restaurant 
Jed can ride a bike! 
Being born as a human 
Facebook for getting back all my friends of my childhood 
coworker offered help. 
my husband. 
my family and how they love me unconditionally. 
my daily bread. 
my husband 
my husband who supports me 
my kids 
My interaction with Brandon went really well when I went to pick up the cats. 
Air conditioning! 
I grew up in a loving and caring home with two parents who always encouraged me and supported me. 
Great and helpful co-workers 
the fact that I live with people who are thoughtful, courteous and friendly. 
To have such a fulfilling job. 
1. 
the beauty and peace of my apartment 
got a supp exam for aural transcription 
a stable healthy relationship 
BassoonA cool movieNew pair of shoes 
They all laughed at my joke and one of them said "I like this one!" 
C - babysitting demands, dramas. 
Dustin called me wondervoller and said he was very happy he's with me. 
My beautiful Healthy family 
arranged a movie date with a friend. 
having a beautiful daughter to cuddle, play and teach 
painted my room and now the room is brighter. 
would feel so exited that I will have an at home gym to release all that stress that's haunting me. 
Getting to know Issac and Erick 
Food 
University 
The kids at work who make me laugh 
My love for and personal relationship with my Lord. 
Andrea take time out to check on me. 
to even have a job with all of the amazing people I work with. 
My Immediate Family 
Happy kids 
My morningquite time, fresh coffee, and some good reads 
my family has been helping me clean and keep the house neater than usual. 
how to be happy 
sused 
The Backpack from St Anton Austria that everyone in the family voted for 
met Pete 
so grateful to have a roof over my head and warm water to bath in and something to eat everyday 
Dress. 
My relationship with God, family and friends. 
to work in the field of recreation and fitness, where I have the opportunity to help people grow their' happiness through exercise and community 
Family 
My boyfriend, Steve 
A new friend date 
Kindness, I am grateful for Steve's kindness and helps me whenever he can and sometimes when he feels too tired 
Having a good talk with my daughter 
tshirt - It's really cool and has a lion on it. 
an old friend of mine promised me to set back my relationship 
have got extremely loving parents 
a purse, just for fun 
home 
Good Health 
Today, I had a difficult moment and it maked me feel so good that I didn't have any regret nor feeling of culpability for saying what I really think! 
When I woke up today I made some orange juice for the family and one of them gave a me a kiss on my cheek and say thanks!! 
both my family and I are healthy!! Well-being is what gives me the power to keep on the road!! 
didn't make too much effort for getting up early to go jogging!! 
got up at 6 am to go jogging, then I also did some stretching. 
These week I managed to keep on with a new exercise routine! 
my determination to keep with a healthy life despite of those temptations I come accross everyday. 
steady employment 
Neil said hello 
My beautiful home 
have parents who I love dearly, and still alive to enjoy their company. 
the past week, I had my boss let me leave early to go on my vacation to Erie. 
have an incredible husband 
being alive and having graduated from a course i wanted and for having the courage to follow my new found passion 
I don't worry about the care my children are in. 
my friends and family. 
my family is always been great to me. 
My friend genuinely asked me if i was alright. 
literature and art, and know a lot about them. 
my career path is situatvery clear to me. 
my family 
my husband. 
my dad 
bad company 
feel extremely thankful for my son. 
great full to almighty for blessing me with a father who support an encourage in every Hadlee in the path of live. 
my brother just sharing the silliest YouTube videos with me. 
don't have to worry about looking for a place to live, as I have a nice condominium waiting for me and a lovely family that's having me over until I can finally buy an a/c and some furniture. 
gratefull for having a good friend to talk to and who talks to me in return 
very grateful for my understanding (most of the time) husband. 
I have my own home. 
Grateful for my wife 
brown eggs 
GOD! 
our new home. 
Heather woke me up today with a smile and a cute little saying. 
Being stuck in a non-committal relationship 
Didn't freak out at unexpected news this morning. 
My dad talking to me about films 
My mam and grandad painted & decorated my bedroom and its COOL!! 
Dostoevsky book 
A pair of Dr. Martens--I really wanted a pair a few days ago, and last night, I saw some super on-sale, but I bought them primarily because I was upset at myself in the moment and needed comfort. 
a loving husband who is also my best friend, and we have so much fun together. 
Shoes so comfortable, very beautiful, gorgeous colourI would get upset but I would not obsess too much about it. 
Good GirlFriends 
Samsung 46 inch flat screen LED TV. 
the people in my live, who I love. 
an uninterrupted shower 
Jordyn is starting to make big improvements with her communication skills and she wants to be involved with all our regular activities. 
We will never be alone/on our own. 
A hug from my son and his smile when I walk through the door. 
My family 
I have family that I can drop in on anytime 
Grateful for my son who loves me unconditionally and passionately. 
An old friend got in touch with me to arrange a reunion. 
My husband being healthing and happy and now not working in a stressful job. 
coworkers are usually supportive 
Thanks for being alive. 
My new way of life, I have been given a second chance at life. 
my whole life is going through changes and I have big decisions to make and I feel like I have so many people looking out for me. 
my home office and studio again because I had been working downtown. 
A canon camera from qvc: i wanted another version that they didnt offer any more so i ordered the newest version, I dont dislike it but im not sure i want it as bad as i wanted the older version, so now im not sure if someone was to "take it away" that i would feel as though i really wanted it... 
was feeling a bit crabby (with good cause, a bit of a stressful situation with family). 
Being alone in the waiting area for what was scheduled to be a simple biopsy (no results expected) on my mom's rib. 
have my family 
Waking up everyday 
Health 
first car 
Family dinners that aren't rushed 
provided for (good food, a small dance studio, a bedroom, internet, beautiful view, prayer basement). 
found this website. 
have a very nice collection of books. 
My aunt's thoughtful gift today 
Being debt free, its a real achievment and I have a good expendable income, such a difference from just a few months ago 
Lynda's patriotism. 
Don't have to worry about the kids - they are off on their own and taking care of themselves. 
there was a cup of coffee waiting for me on my desk at work. 
the basics - food on the table, roof over my head, and clothes on my back. 
my great friend Sonja. 
Beautiful healthy family 
The little movers are doing so well! 
Conversation with a good friend. 
1. 
1. 
having mom with us. 
I'm an intelligent person and want to learn more and more... 
my health as without this i would be hindered in caring for my beautiful children. 
People brought donations to our party 
The stress of dating! 
We found the right backpack by sheer accident, on sale 
He filled my gas tank which he always does. 
My kids 
we have a home we love, the bills are paid and we have food to eat. 
My Best Friends,& each and every animal I have. 
My family 
Grateful people I interacted with at work 
my bikeride was beautiful 
get to wake up to a full bed every morning. 
dated a guy who wanted to get married but I knew he wasn't "the one". 
Having a cat to play with. 
do not worry about the crazy traffic anymore. 
Successfully made biscuits and gravy today, and it was Awesome! 
There are no items I have wanted and then did not want. 
shorts 
My kids 
My husband KennethMy house 
Today I drove home with my boyfriend after a full three days with may family. 
waking up this morning and going to wake up Colin and cuddling a little before the day starts. 
To find job to fit to my self. 
zoe 
My dedicated husband who loves me unconditionally 
to be home. 
Today I got out of bed, got dressed and got out of the house for a little bit. 
a colleague walked out of the building with me and provided support for my struggle. 
have great doctors who are all watching over me relative to my colon, my skin cancer, my breast cancer, etc. etc. so I know I'm being cared for. 
enjoyed my time at the Farmers Market today. 
my children are well. 
Alex is alive. 
Grateful to have my own space that I can decorate how I want. 
My fiancé 
Today I am grateful for my sobriety. 
very grateful for my humble home. 
My Mom made me coffee in the morning, my favorite breakfast-Upma. 
my parents and my sister, who have always shown me unconditional love, even when I don't deserve it. 
so grateful for been able to take my own choices, no matter it will lead me to. 
my job 
have surround by my friends 
Wyo-tech 
they are understanding about the time I put into youth cricket 
My mom bought me a bag which I insisted her to buy it because I tought I really needed a bag but now I have it I really don't think that I needed it. 
nail varnishes 
My grandma prepared a big bowl of veggies for my lunch which I love 
I was accepted as a model at a great clothing brand. 
Getting through day 3 of my 7 day training at work 
health 
family 
Bryan finally texting me his reason for silence, gave me closure 
Having warm weather and sitting out on the back deck after working today 
great full that the last two days with Vanessa have gone extremely well. 
Went to see the Quilt of Hope 
own a great house in a lovely location and I did it by myself. 
would feel good beacuse I had something I like to wear and looked good in it 
my tablet. 
My wife. 
Eric/family 
family, 
A mobile phone. 
My dog gave me a kiss when he saw me this morning. 
ended a bad and stressful marriage 
My ability as a writer 
my coworkers make me laugh 
i am given the gift of life. 
Grateful that I'm being more mindful at work. 
not worrying about my job performance, because I do the best I can each and every day. 
got all the dishes done. 
to have a roof over my head. 
Steve fixed the border on my cupboard without being asked. 
memory card 
My family 
spoke with my boyfriend for several hours and hours.. love to hang with him. 
Life 
my husband loves me 
Sharing jokes with colleagues 
the day. 
don't have to worry about complications from having my children. 
today at work is very low key, and the people pleasant. 
My children 
rainy day 
have consecutive days off this month, just about enough to clear my mind of all worries and stressors 
Just having a job 
My mother cooked food for me today morning. 
have a relationship with God 
rose said thanks for all that I've done with Emmanuel 
being healthy 
have a job and good qualifications which others dont 
Family and Friends for supporting me through a lot for a long time. 
Getting to orient at my new job with a super nurse who was smart, kind, and patient. 
I am in good health at the age of 50. 
my friends, especially Emily Thomas. 
That I've had Emily Thomas to help me through this breakup. 
Neil and I's conversation about our future. 
have a family that does their best to support me, even if they don't know how. 
a girl I know,she is absolutely amazing,every time I talk to her she brings me an smile on my face.She is so sweet and I hope someday I will move to her place or she will move in with me 
My wife takes care of my health very well. 
Robert...he makes me laugh, is the greatest husband friend and lover 
Health. 
Job. Paid a great salary, with full benefits, job security. 
Meeting the guy that is my fiance now. 
have a loving husband 
1. 
Fewer emails 
my family 
my family-my husband cooking dinner, always looking out for me 
1. 
Michael 
Even with a nearly empty tank an a rise in gas price, it was still less than $50 to fill my tank. 
Bandit 
I live out in the country on a beautiful property 
My beautiful home 
health 
was able to get a lot done this morning. 
My husband 
- I'm grateful that my friend Natalie texted and suggested that we catch up. 
Happy to have a great person to share my life and journey with and someone that accepts me for me. 
God gives me a fresh new beginning each day 
Good co-worker relationships 
my children they are great kids and i love them 
Kettlebell 
our family. 
simply just thankful for my amazing family. 
Went out for drinks with Mike after work 
my two wonderful sons 
have people that care 
purchasing my own studio to build a company. 
tv service 
sander 
My uncle let me stay at his house for the summer. 
I have such a wonderful and lovely family 
found my daughter's lost glasses-she screamed with joy (nothing said to me, though). 
Grateful That i got to spend time with my sister 
.. 
I've survived! 
My apartment 
I could sit and have a great weekend with my family who appreciate me. 
My son Tom 
My friend included me in her night out 
good hike and run in the park with veron 
brought books because i enjoy reading books like auto-biographies and novels.yes 
have an amazing best friend who has been there for me for the past 12 years! 
My family is healthy. 
feel i am started thinking about positive. 
Put things in order at home 
God's grace, mercy, and love for us 
Getting possessions organizedAble to speak with my mother on the phone this amhave beautiful things in my home which are lovely to look at and enjoy.great 
feel like I used to handle stress very well. 
family 
family 
fantastic wife 
my home. 
to have a complete family. 
forgave the guy that I loved for disrespecting me. 
a positive person, I may have problem, I may feel sad but there's a rainbow after the rain. 
will feel really happy xD I could capture every sad/happy moments in my life. 
at the moment I live in the house I wished for to live in. 
My children - great fun - great sense of humour 
That Ian is responding to the medication. 
My family 
Kai and I had a nice conversation 
bought a little present for the lady that works in the shop that sells make up. 
being alive and aware. 
My friend Eleonora that allowed me to stay at her house when I forgot my keys (I closed myself out of the apartment) 
1. 
Got to precept. 
Kindle - excitement because I love reading. 
Relief - paid off my mortgage. 
met friends, had great time with them, interact with them 
being alive and well. 
My family and my friends 
The commuter bus for a ride to work. 
Helping mum clean 
my mid year review, which i thought was today, is tomorrow actually 
Exam papers 
health of my family 
Woke up feeling peaceful. 
1. 
having family and friends. 
shelter and family 
A roof over my head 
My beautiful son 
I´m grateful for my friend Davi who even though we´ve met only online hugged me when i needed it and who is always there for me. 
Beautiful homeTerrific husbandHouse help 
Happy family day 
My son, I am blessed to have him with me. 
My daughter Chelsea 
The people who sent me lovely graduation gifts. 
School work 
My daily morning routine 
My mom knows what foods I like to eat and picked dishes for dinner that I like. 
Glad that I don't have to worry about the skin issue I noticed on my scalp more than a month ago. 
have a pretty awesome, small, close-knit group of friends. 
tablecloth - I try to use what I already have instead of buying things for the house. 
My wonderful boyfriend who was so helpful today. 
Being the first person a client thought of when they needed help. 
having a home and comfort items (like washer & dryer). 
currently have a job (though I stress about losing it); but at least today I can say I'm not unemployed. 
Roof over my head 
have an apartment that is really cosy and looks nice 
don't have to worry about my health because I don't have lyme disease! 
was able to download STATA. 
Being alive and safe 
1. 
SSD drive. 
Having a home, food and freedom for my son and I 
My amazing friends giving me a place to stay while I recover! 
My kids 
My family and the good health of all 
I have a comfortable home 
SR 
Kennedy helping 
running shoescool looking for summerhardly wear them now 
Steve offered to loan Karl his kid's guitar 
Cancer 
My friend Erin - it's such a blessing to have a friend that gets me in my new-ish town. 
A good friend gifted me with a $25 restaurant gift card to a favorite eatery just for all the hand me downs I gave her son from our family. 
Finding help just when I needed it. 
having Greg in my life. 
My home life is stressful because I can't control it most of the time, but it's interesting and challenging because I care about the person I live with. 
the way we read each others minds ... I love being so synched up with another person and sharing the same core values even though we couldn't be more different. 
Breakfast -- working in the garden most of the dayBig discussion and lots of venting ... clearing the air 
Someone to talk to 
Trying to keep a business a float 
Lingeree 
met a man who was very kind & assisted me 
My time spent with G 
Swimsuit 
was able to relax and take a nap in the day 
got a good night sleep 
Swimsuit 
A start over 
NA 
Doctor gave me a clean bill of health 
Loyal 
My exercise routine 
Time spent 
My GF woke me to kiss me goodbye before she went to work 
Cook Dinner 
I have a loving and healthy family. 
new computeri wanted to be able to keep myself from getting boredi appreciate this because i am able to de stress 
Beautiful sunny weather 
I was able to reach out and ask for help - and receive it. 
Thankful to have this day to spend with my dad 
That my husband and I had a great day together 
Have a cup of coffee 
my family 
time with my family and dad 
Ben and Jerrys 
having a bonding moment with my child 
connection to source 
My family 
very grateful to have this period of change which allows me to research and reflect on what career I REALLY want. 
My drawing tablet- I was eagerly awaiting when it would appear in the mail for days. 
My best friend offered her home to me if I need a place to stay while apartment and job hunting. 
great parents 
grandkids 
Condo - I really wanted a place to call my own, someplace I could go to and relax. 
My dog, 
being able to walk my dog again. 
purchase of my compter 
1. 
managed to wake my husband up for work 
great mom & brother who love me & some awesome friends 
My mother did the dishes 
Spent time with my isters 
endless support 
Mini Fridge - made me so happy because i could now have my health foods & water untouched my malik & flee . 
Life i.e the fact that am still breathing 
Life its self..the fact that am still breathing 
The fact that am still breathing and healthy 
the gift of life 
A bad releationship 
Waking up, someone so dearly woke me up today so i had enough time to get dressed 
Reconnected with several former clients and expect continuing near term dialogue. 
The commute this am was enjoyable 
used to own my own business. 
home its the paradise that I come back to 
My son is healthy 
my home and yard, 
Grateful that I've held onto my kids when it's been such a trying road 
so grateful I had the money to pay our power and phone bills yesterday. 
My loving children. 
My wife 
was a few minutes early so my morning was less stressful than usual. 
working with animals at school 
health 
had a great lunch at home 
have friends who touch base with me every morning 
my family and friends. 
read a book after a long time 
Able to get my sister to bring up the phone so I could continue counitnue writing 
the sun is out. 
to have had the awesome experience of today's training. 
Aaron has a shot at a job for the summer. 
Seeing my son in lae each time.. 
Getting the info to the lawyer went well 
cleaned my bathroon upstairs thoroughly. 
A laugh with Brenda 
my grandchildren had a great Christmas. 
had a great meal with great company last night.I was given more love than imaginable last night..I got coffee delivered today. 
Helen was there for me after we'd not seen each other for nearly 3 years. 
David made coffee 
have kettle to boil hot water to wash the dishes by hand until we get dishwasher fixed 
Alive. 
Grateful to work with some of my best friends and I get to laugh everyday 
loved talking to my husband at lunch time. 
GRATEFUL TO BE ALIVE 
commute was easy 
being alive 
my dog, he gives me unconditional love. 
The first thing that brightened my day was the beautiful sunshine shining on the icy trees. 
Reasonable health at 79+ 
When my mom, brother and i can all be in the same room and just talk about whatever comes to mind. 
the opportunity to attend college. 
My job and the people I work with her are constantly trying to help me grow as well as be appreciative of what I have done and my contributions to Tagged. 
A comfortable bed and A/C; roof and food 
Morning snuggles with my puppy. 
Morning snuggles with my pupster who loves me no matter what!!! 
I am developing a stronger connection with Mamsy. 
Camille 
Playing with my son 
Kisses from the puppy 
my friend John who emailed me to welcome me back to work. 
had to drive to see my Dad who had Alzheimer's and I was very nervous, but I managed by talking out loud to myself. 
healthy 
physically healthy. 
nature 
sweat pants. 
my husband 
the life i have been given. 
maggie 
Playing with Bryon and seeing the joy in his eyes. 
health 
A good friend asked me to dinner. 
a very nice family. 
the loving friends and family who have supported me through my ups and down. 
the boys being home. 
TV 
today for being honest with myself about my behavior when I lashed out in frustration and raised my voice at my brother. 
plants 
My patients are feeling better 
the stressful fights and waiting for him to give me the love and compassion I desire are no longer a part of my life. 
Work went smoothly today. 
my family 
Health. 
Having a loving family. 
God's faithfulness and unfailing love. 
I got to spend as much time with Bryan as I did. 
the opportunity to do my Ph.D. 
A family that cares about me and supports me. 
Worrying about waiting for that person to get home or call or text back. 
Waking up obscenely early and getting ready for the day 
Music and art. 
a husband who is caring and always here to support me 
My current known health. 
my dog did not poop in the house 
Received the support I needed when I needed it most. 
my mother. 
The sun being out. 
to god for making me a creative person 
was told that I was missed while I was on vacation. 
One thing I no longer have to worry about is what my Dad thinks of me. 
Three things that went smoothly today...well it's been a rough day. 
A nice man came into my work today and asked me how I was. 
boss said hi 
That Allison from CT&D took the time to meet with me today, and gave me honest feedback. 
very greatful for my daughters and grandson. 
went to work today and got stuff done 
being with the family 
my family and friends 
1. 
having a religious life 
Fallen & Torment 
My son 
My father always helping me. 
The commute to work was not stressfull 
Dinner by my husband,my comfy bed and ac 
A walk to Subway for lunch. 
spent time with my dad & my mom 
education 
1. 
I live in a country that enables me to have much religious and social freedom. 
used to be terrified about getting up in front of an audience. 
Giving a short speech in shul between Mincha/Maariv ended up being a breeze. 
My father took my brother and I bowling today. 
my wife and I went to pick up my car after it was fixed. 
waking up in the morning and knowing im alive and my children are all safe and healthy 
Family and friends who love me. 
My three amazing children who are unique in all the world. 
living in a beautiful house with good friends, who will not abandon me even when I'm troubled. 
my apartment in Beverly Hills. 
Husband 
greatfull for my mother, every morning i wake up and she asks how im feeling. 
don't have to worry about my insanely drama craving ex girlfriend. 
to have an ideal life partner 
rains... heavy clear shining fresh downpour n d long drive... 
God has blessed me with a wonderful child 
lucky to have a family and a dog 
have a wonderful employee 
1. 
Grateful to my manager for helping me work on a new technology, I wanted to work in. 
clothes excited i'll be fine 
MotorcycleExcited to be able to ride with Marc and bring him joy 
Marc bought me my own motorcycle helmet. 
The first thing is Stephen. 
to have family, friends, and a boyfriend that truly love me and want what is best for me. 
One thing that makes my life great: being in a relationship with Stephen, the love of my life. 
black boots - love them but I was guilty when I bought them because of the costs. 
Giving me wonderful day I Thank god 
My cash sales is equal to the total amount of my sales. 
my internship and co-workers 
Grateful that my mom cares whether her kids have had their dinner or not. 
Good riddance to 2 health conditions that I have been suffering from. 
we care so much about each that we dont often talk about but the fact that we do at the time that it happends makes it special 
God 
Addison's health and happiness. 
Hubby and Addison, I love them both so much. 
Lounge furniture 
parents 
today because one of my peers listened to my thoughts and appreciated my work ethics. 
we were able to spend the weekend with Sheldon and that he's back home 
The first thing I am grateful for is my life. 
the end of the school year and the memories that brings for the kids. 
Lore and Linda stepped in to manage timelines for the Glio trial 
being alive 
had some alone time at the house which helped me to unwind and relax after a long day at work. 
Kaya, 
Getting a hug from my husband before he left for work. 
Moving to a new state. 
Had time to take a bath and lay down for a while 
Kami went to camp today. 
life. 
Gods eternal love. 
My unique style. 
Grateful that my parents made it a duty where they took all of us out for a day of laughter, food and quality time. 
I was able to work in a quiet space and be calm all day. 
My family 
all of my wonderful new friends that help me and heal me 
Saw old friends 
My family, 
Really happy. 
Prepared dinner for my neighbour. 
My loving (slightly stressed) husband 
Freedom, Comfort, Love , Support, Plenty 
good friends to road trip with...even when life is hard and things are not going swimmingly... 
cleats 
Having time with my son. 
to be able to live in this house. 
my children 
to have a father, step-mother, and sister who love me and would do anything to help me be who I want to be 
my sister and nieces. 
my loving and caring Husband. 
purchased a 2 week vacation to Disney World 
P: Pity....Didn't let me give into self pity. 
Didn't get into any arguments with my husband today. 
seeing grandsons 
My husband getting Cecily at 5AM. 
Finding a job, and specifically a job in my field 
We got to work on time and weren't held up at daycare. 
my loving family. 
Pink briefcase, which I adored, but stopped using it because of shoulder strain. 
A house! Scared as heck, because this is big grown up responsibility, with a huge amount to organise. 
My cat Lacey, she is the one constant in my life. 
my wonderful wife. 
1. 
God family 
Taking a bath in peace. 
to have been able to visit my sister this weekend along with my awesome brother. 
New Dresss, New Makeup Teeth Whitening 
my new apartment and all the people who have helped to furnish it and move me in. 
My beautiful daughter - I am so thankful for her. 
we have at least some business coming in the door 
got to see my girlfriend Nichole. 
My Mom cooking food today. 
Family & Friends 
My boyfriend making me feel loved every minute of my day 
life 
Simon 
My husband doing all of the food shopping 
suk bdr dai 
How loving my husband is to me and how he focuses on taking care of me 
My husband 
My daughter makes me feel grateful. 
my family 
Queens of The Stone Age's new album.I was excited for it for months, absolutely ecstatic when I purchased it. 
HANDBAG 
being able to watch t.v. 
My parents made me dinner 
My kids and grand kids 
My children 
being alive 
a neighbor helped bring me to pick up my car at the shop. 
My relationship with my mother. 
open hearts necklace 
My daughter brought me a gift the other day - just because! 
Tommy mowed the front yard. 
My family 
my kittens. 
have a full time job. 
It was cool this morning and I didn't melt on my way to work 
Getting a sweet text. 
ring 
the lord 
to be alive after a major illness 
quiet time 
Micalita is getting good care. 
waking 
Spending Trinity's birthday at 6 flags alone with her 
emailed back and forth with one of my best girlfriends out of the blue, she is so awesome! 
today is behind me. 
Going for it and flying out to Cali to visit 
was on time for patient breakfast and cafeteria line breakfast. 
Have a Wonderful Family and Friends 
my family 
I was finally able to see a naturopath today in an effort to learn how to maintain my health in a more natural way. 
Family 
Was able to get the internet working and reconnect with FB and kids 
I am married to someone who understands, accepts, and loves all of me. 
don't have to worry about being brought down or abused by my partner, my husband is nothing like my ex and I can be 100% myself with out worrying. 
My long distance friend sent me flowers on my 50th birthday when many others forgot, and I was feeling rather blue and "old". 
My husband took me out to eat last night so I could go to bed early. 
both of my son's have found someone to love and someone that loves them back. 
My son moving and getting a new start. 
MY CAT 
My dogs 
Tami 
my mom because she has given me a wonderful life n made me happy when i was ever sad 
My friend hugged me and cried when she learned about my dad. 
1. 
get to stay at home with my boys and not have to go to work! 
Jason's cancer; no more dr appts for now, no more meds to administer, no more doing everything myself! 
Receiving mail from my wife. 
Having back problems and not being able to take time off work because I was the only one working at the time. 
My caring boyfriend always ready to assist if I need some love xoxox's help or help with something 
live in a comfortable home with a beautiful view. 
Friends asked me to dinner in my new neighborhood 
Today, and for the past 6 1/2 months, I am not practicing disordered eating 
The beautiful sunny day 
most grateful for my dogs 
Dana being understanding and open. 
condoartificial flowers for vasepillows 
not obese 
My unconditional love of life, no matter how hard it gets. 
having a supportive mother and father. 
my family. 
Tj spending time with his Grandma Sandi and Papa Gene and cousins 
this life. 
Having a place to be comfortably. 
music all of it it makes me happy and helps me escape 
Positive support related to my illness. 
when the toys are picked up and the dishes are done before I go to bed/or leave for work 
my work was light and I had a lot of time in the garden today. 
daughter's crisis and hospitalization. 
Talking to great friends - being able to be myself & ask for advice on anything. 
having a really hard time staying positive, So, i am going to start small... by being grateful for something everyday.... 
my family, that I still have them in my life 
my husbands generosityMy 2 sons success & healthMy mother in law 
My neighbors & their two sons, so thankful for them. 
Being raised in a very abusive household where my father was the abuser. 
Woke up alive, its an ok start to the day, so far so good 
Having great parents 
Today I was fast enogh to finish the things I was supposed to do. 
to have jd in my life for the past 9 years & living together for the past 5 years. 
my partner who loves me 
Grateful for the home I stay in a good locality very sosy and homely house with a reasonabel rent 
Having a healthy body 
a my loving husband, who is handsome. 
mobile phoneFelt so happy and was completely busy all the day surfing and playing games 
I have 1 friend who cares about me 
my boyfriend who has stayed with me through 3 years 
My mum being so generous and understanding 
I have friends to socialise with if I wish 
my happy loyal dogswhen brett is home 
Staff persevering with the new computer system despite how difficult it is to use 
was able to have the motivation to clean some. 
Pablo wants to catch up 
have work 
a 
We finished booking our trip to Cuba and all looks like its rolling out all good. 
My social circle is full of wonderful, kind, giving, people. 
finding a way to come home from Texas. 
Grateful for my safe commute to and from work 
having a healthy relationship with my husband and a home to live in 
having ajob. 
food being on the plate 
my commute went smothly today! 
my life and everybody in it!!!! 
an old freind came by to visit 
The first thing that comes to mind for what I'm grateful is my husband. 
life 
managed my work i find it less difficult 
My best friend let me vent and made me feel better. 
My mom - the woman who never questions my crazy party ideas 
an amazing supportive family and for having friends that stuck by me through many hard times and didn't bail 
house 
Health 
My children, who bring so much joy every day and I can't imagine a world without them.Our health 
Can relax with family, help make meals, watch favorite family shows 
healthy and not sick :) 
Wasn't sick 
a kind energetic grand pa 
I have a friend who will go to Chicago with me. 
my mom's prayers. 
have a husband who loves me unconditionaly 
A happy and healthy child. 
my family can enjoy of all infinite abundance of the universe. 
to have a roof over my head 
air conditioning 
most thankful for being the daughter of the most understanding parents in the world. 
to live in the country so I can have my animals. 
My mom and all she does to make sure me and my son are taken care of. 
My nice FB picture with a friend 
My home 
My home 
Richie has insurance 
a happy and healthy granddaughter. 
my daughter and her new baby Isabel. 
One on one time today with Evie. 
The coffee was nice 
kids 
My grandbaby 
my son 
have a very responsible daughter who makes it possible for me to go to work because I can trust her. 
My co-worker and I laughed and cracked some really funny jokes on the way home. 
... 
... 
Having a second chance to be a better mother to my kids. 
greatfull at home due to getting food in time. 
was grateful for the text from Judy Cowen asking how I was. 
HOW GRATEFUL I AM TO HAVE A RELATIONSHIP WITH JEHOVAH THE TRUE GOD 
Woke up to a happy and helpful hubby full of suprises 
A few nights ago I watched RHONJ and I saw Jaqueline dealing with the diagnosis of autism in her youngest son Nicholas. 
Emily challenged my negative thoughts 
to have a loving and supportive fiance. 
my dogs 
Air conditioning. 
My ex manager replied my email and I'm very happy to hear that she's doing well. 
my grandmother 
the joy my dogs bring me, how they always cheer me up and how Fritz keeps me physically active 
family who is always there for me in good or bad 
It was a slow day. 
Supportive Life partner 
to be able to sleep in and have a day at home on summer vacations 
so thankful that I work and receive a paycheck. 
Drinking too much and making an ass of myself. 
I made plans with my sister to spend time together. 
Greatful for my family 
having wonderful roll models in my life and to have had the loving relationships that I have had in my life. 
My Mother. 
My Son 
Getting the bunny to come up on my lap with cheerios. 
today I'm very happy to have someone to help me, also to find this page happify. 
VERY GRATEFUL FOR BELIEVING IN MY-SELF, I'M VERY GRATEFUL FOR MY ONLY SON 
was happy to here about getting the apartment today, I'm so happy I begin to pack thing up in my house today and getting that I need. 
Waking up and having time to write before Roman woke up 
That J. has a school where she has friends and feels comfortable. 
Faith 
my ex husband 
All the kids are happy and not living here. 
The day I found out my son was autistic. 
picked this topic because it will be the hardest for me to do. 
He didn't kill me when he/we realized how much money I'd spent. 
My son got his hours restored at work which means he won't have to move back here which would be incredibly stressful. 
This is going to be hard. 
don't know if this counts as one thing or a whole bunch of things. 
Best thing today and in ages: Down 4.1 pounds a weigh in this morning! 
did exercise however pathetically it might be. 
Today we had the first reasonably cool day in ages. 
Health insurance: I spent most of my adult life without health insurance. 
The thing that I really really want is actually a whole bunch of things. 
Well the obvious answer is grandchildren. 
hung some wall sculptures in our newly redecorated bedroom that look fantastic. 
got another car full of stuff to the donation center. 
Starting my day off with fresh juice made from fresh fruits and vegetables. 
got all the books I had scattered around the house rounded up and put on a shelf together. 
A friend sent me a thank you for training them 
two sweet loving puppies that make me happy. 
Family 
FEEL THANKFUL FOR MY CHILDREN ARE HAPPY TO SEE ME WHEN I GET BACK FROM HOME 
EVERY day for being able to read and write i.e. the opportunity for receiving the education I have had. 
SO grateful for my home/place to live, that is heated, with clean running water, and even many amenities I don't always need. 
friends 
my children. 
having the flexibility and time to run/walk everyday 
Health and the ability to be physically active 
feel grateful for the fact that I get to talk to my friends even though it is just threw text or phone calls. 
was able to work from home today 
Got to work on time. 
sometimes my friends that i dont feel close to check in on me. 
I am married to a man who freely expresses affection every day 
My car works. 
My health 
Had the chance to discuss some issues that has been bothering with a friend today, though didnt offer any form of solution but i'm glad i got his listening ears 
My loving husband, and my beautiful children. 
my children 
my husband 
kids 
My husbandI am grateful for my life 
4 
My daughter. 
I have a supportive and loving husband. 
my kids are spending the night at their grandparents 
Happy to have my job. 
to have someone in my life that understands me 
My husband & son! 
We have a roof over our head. 
I have a roof over my head, food on my table 
have a wonderful husband who takes care of me and the cats. 
Taking a much needed napIt felt really good to end this Friday with a really good nap. 
being able to spend some time with my litle brother even if we're not doing anything at all. 
when my son does his chores without me having to remind him. 
my yoga bad- loved it but don't need it 
Mom lent jacket. 
Steve 
my husband. 
was able to finish the accounting even though it was hard. 
live in a mountain home that I won't be kicked out of. 
My husband he is always there for me, making me feel good about myself and the decisions I make. 
My cats who love me like I was their mother. 
My business taking off 
Waking up every morning and being able to get out of bed. 
Compliment from a friend 
My children 
health 
My good friend finished a treatment of strong chemo 
my husband. 
Grateful that my daughter made it home safely.She was traveling alone & that always worries me 
My beautiful daughter was happy to see me and smiley this morning. 
Deb is much easier to deal with lately. 
My mother yelling at me and making me feel bad. 
My children. 
Deb's teacher called me to tell me that Deb is doing really well at camp and seems to have a very good attitude towards it. 
Len 
Have a job 
My amazing husband! 
My oldest Daughter is still alive after a double Lung Transplant over 1 year ago. 
My home 
A safe and healthy Family 
Being able to have control over my child's education and keep her out of child care. 
safety 
my daughter. 
Looking at my beautiful back yard. 
my health in that i have all my senses and mobility. 
My husband. 
I have been able to keep my home and now I own it all by myself. 
laughing with my kids. 
My husband. 
My dog, he is so great 
Ellie 
My daughters are successful at their work. 
Waking up and being able to get up. 
Molly 
Molly 
Friends 
shoes 
My friends are my rocks in life 
I have a husband and sister who support me when I am in need. 
to be alive and breathing 
It was just brought to my attention that I have sons close in age that get along, never fight with each other. 
My exercise group showed up this morning 
My kitties love to cuddle with me, even when I'm depressed. 
Maggie Mae, the great joy of my life. 
very grateful for this time to reclaim myself and my life. 
My God is awesome and no matter how much I fail Him He is always there for me and comes through every time!!! 
I can live on my own side our duplex and my boyfriend lives on the other. 
Lincoln went to daycare smoothly; both kids got up easily. 
my son he is the most precious thing in my life 
Others have the same concerns. 
family 
Getting to see new places through my job 
my best friend always makes me laugh even when I'm down 
The FATHER, SON, & The HOLY SPIRIT 
being able to live here with my angel, and being the one he chose 
the joy of becoming a grandmother some day and sharing that with Brett & Melissa & Mike 
an understanding husband who encourages me daily. 
a place to live 
finishing something 
family 
Today I am grateful for our home and the beautiful Nature surrounding us 
Completing the Tour de Cure. 
the time I had with my dogs 
my son john and granddaughter gracie. 
i was able to have healthy chidren 
Iam grateful for my health 
my kids cleaned up with out amkinga fuss about it 
my health and my ability to walk Mia every morning. 
moved some boxes 
my friends and community who are supporting me through this move. 
I found the desk I wanted 
Jane agreed to be my goal setting buddy. 
treadmill 
My son, Adam 
My new home would be amazing - so clean and open to us. 
I am almost done with my foot. 
My 13 year old talking back to me. 
my daughter helps me everyday :) 
My job, which allowed me to achieve the goal of becoming a notary public and Signing Agent. 
skills I learned when I was a girl that makes me creative in the kitchen. 
Waking up. 
to my family for all they do for me 
my son doesn't want to stop hugging before bed time. 
My husbandMy children/momhealth 
being able to wake up next to my best friend and feel at home. 
a special friendship 
My family 
work, 
My relationship with Jesus. 
Bella, a new student, worked at home to make me a bracelet. 
a body that can move, create, and extend further than most. 
Thankful for having a healthy kids 
the future... 
all the good things and wonderful family! 
my family and friends 
Marriage 
My daughter next to me 
was able to share my cooking with neighbors 
Husband surprised me with a plant for the bedroom. 
Ironing for trip and return completedEasy time together while I ironed 
1. 
have not made any purchases recently of something I have wanted for a long time. 
jake and I had a good time at the playground this morning. 
my husband helps with the kids 
Those people that care about me and don't give up on me if they don't hear from me regularly or see me rarely. 
Good friends 
air conditioning 
My family 
still have a husband that loves me. 
Making new friends 
Ben BBQ'ing dinner for us twice this week! 
A beautiful family with a supportive husbandI have healthy children, a loving and supportive husband and super cute dogs. 
My children 
my husband. 
Today I was able to sleep in and rest because my son and hubby took care of the house. 
My family is safe. 
Mom 
life is always better with mom around 
to live in a peaceful neighborhood. 
pink purse, lavender purse, black wallet 
a pretty dress 
Got A's on both of my finals 
tried a new recipe, and it was delicious. 
My babies!!! 
My amazing son. 
Nice jobs and people I work with and for... 
My health and the ability to go to the gym and work out. 
He took me home on Friday when it was raining 
coworker 
enjoy my family. 
Having the sunshine this morning instead of waking up to the rain. 
My grandchildren 
my husband 
My son 
My son 
having Jon in my life to finally offer a little escape peace and happiness. 
Cindy's flexibility allowing me to go to 2 doctor's appts 
it was a cool, and relaxing day. 
don't have to worry about getting "caught" talking to my friends, neighbors, and collegeaues. 
together with family members and had fun 
Kids joking around showing their closeness in the carKids hushed after being asked finallyE got hair cut. 
saw an Owen in the backyard. 
To be able to wake (due to health) 
Our new home 
the time I spend in the morning with Jesus drinking coffee. 
so so so grateful to have such a great family. 
Great! 
to be the mother of Joey, Sarah, Rachel & Jake 
woke up next to my husband and cat 
those who love me without that I would be truely alone 
When my guy does the grocery shopping and cooking! 
Grateful for my family. 
my daughter 
connecting with family on facebook 
live and work abroad. 
don't have to worry about being in a relationship with someone who is unhappy and dealing with it in a self-destructive way. 
my husband and kids 
Bhima & Dave enjoyed the cheese enchiladas I made them last night. 
Zoe's check-up went well with a PCV of 47. 
spent time with my grandson today. 
was thankful for the time I got to play Skipbo with my mom. 
peace/quiet/privacy 
my husband, I love him 
woke up earlier 
I can relax and put time towards my new found passion of photography! 
my children are healthy. 
have money to carry me through this transition. 
all the kind people who donated their items they no longer needed so that I could put a home together. 
Another volunteer, Danny, helped me figure out salesforce to meet my needs--connection, figuring it out together, and success. 
my husband 
Kelly is doing well 
family 
My pain was not to bad when I woke up. 
shopping with mom and making ammmends to her for my mouth. 
my family. 
my family letting me live with him while I am waiting for disability. 
My husband. 
My mother called just to talk and give me some great advice. 
my incredible fiancé 
Me and my father are back on good terms. 
my husband and children. 
Having my family with me 
don't even know what I would buy 
my relationship with my boss which was till now stressed, i find a new found trust 
my breath. 
My dog 
My HouseI bought my first home recently and it has become my sanctuary, a place i can just relax, have friends over, decorate to my liking 
new pots - I felt so excited that I could cook and doubly excited that I would not be exposed to toxins while cooking. 
the support I receive from my parents 
now don't have to worry about having somewhere to live, as I finally found a place of my own. 
My family So grateful when my parents invite me over for dinner and share their wonderfully cooked meals with me. 
Went out with a new friend. 
1. 
My husband was very tender with me this morningHe made me breakfest 
My daughter made me happy, because she was willing to help us (my husband and me) in painting the house. 
my work. 
Wonderful relation with my husband. 
My colleague made me laugh. 
My family. 
he is the greatest support for me. 
1. 
1. 
We do almost everything together: we go to work together, etc. 
My husband. 
1. 
the health condition of my mother in low 
Family photos. 
My family. 
almost finished all my yoga exercises this morning, and managed to prepare sandwiches for my daughters. 
My husband. 
MP3 player. 
he is my best friend. 
1. 
Family 
my job 
The birth of my son. 
my friends 
phil has quit all smoking 
My baby boy Jason 
my kids. 
having a healthy friendship with my sister. 
made it to a job interview EARLY. 
my family - my husband and my son. 
Having a great family that support me 
did what i have to do on my to do list for the day and I've found victor's gift 
My children and grandson, that they are all healthy and growing into fine men with values, and integrity. 
My boss told me that we did not have to proceed with the reorganization by the end of the month. 
My recent very stressful work assignment is now over and I've been able to return to my old office 
that fact that the company I work for appreciates creative people and enables us to do creative things (like buying us full sets of colorful sharpies to draw on things with). 
Nate asked how my day was going 
Last night wasn't so bad. 
my parents,my sister and for my brothers and everyone who make my life beautiful 
Get help when you need most from a friend 
My Boyfriend 
My Husband and marriage 
My cat and dog. 
lunch 
bad relationship 
coffee with my friend 
my health 
SPF Lip Balm that I returned 
Nothing 
my wonderful kids who have been so sweet and supportive over the last week. 
the amazing man in my life. 
People posting positive thoughts on facebook 
A co worker who checks in on me daily- no matter how cranky of week Ive had 
I am a member of the MSC Farm 
HAD A GOOD DINER 
My Mom and pets make me feel grateful. 
Jesus and how I am forgiven. 
had a good visit with Chris, especially grooming the horses together. 
I'm not in a wheelchair from my MS. 
was a little (a lot) stressed about a commitment that my husband had made for us for dinner last night without consulting me. 
My family 
My wonderful healthy kids 
A nice meal with my husband and my father. 
My boyfriend 
Osa is writting a love letter for my birthday 
A nice clean place to live. 
my children. 
My daughter is healthy. 
Mail carrier stopped to chat. 
I have a job and own my business that allows me to have the time off that I need, WHEN I need it. 
I was 20 years old I've had herniated discs in my back and 4 surgeries since then. 
Monte staying home and not going to a work meeting :) 
have a nice place to live in an ideal setting. 
the trees and how they provide shade for our home. 
don't have to worry about anything, my heavenly Abba takes care of me 
cleaning my email inbox...defragging my life 
God 
God 
My 3 beautiful kids 
the wonderful relationship that I have with my husband. 
my wonderful family 
My husband 
the first thing i was grateful for today was that my children ate their breakfast without arguing with each other.... 
Roof over my head 
so happy my kitten is getting along with Lea. 
no arguments yet today 
1. 
of RN school for the summer! 
my baby boy didn't get poison ivy. 
handled the house fire extremely well, considering I was 18 weeks pregnant, it was the hottest summer I can remember, and we had to move twice before having the baby. 
today for the 21-Day Gratitude Challenge that I completed previously, so much so that I started another one today. 
Reinstate my home security system - wasn't able to continue paying for it and I live in what has become a bad neighborhood. 
my famliy 
We are all physically healthy. 
My best friend Lesa 
my beautiful girlfriend and how she is always there for me. 
surfboard so glad to be able to catch waves. 
(the health of my children and boyfriend and self)health of my family 
independence 
Clothes 
My boss said thank you 
Gracefully leaving KK 
my family. 
not posting 
woke up 
health 
When I woke up, my cat was next to me sleeping. 
My husband, Brad 
salary 
My Grandaughter 
Madelyn is doing well with her new nap schedule. 
Brandon who always supports me and loves me no matter what. 
My mom and dad are always with me 
Family 
When I was feeling increasingly anxious in a large crowd, I took deep breaths and quickly found a spot where there weren't as many people so I could collect myself. 
Yesterday I went to the gym for the first time in a couple weeks. 
I have very close relationships with my husband and children. 
have a wonderful supportive family that loves me 
My fire staff- It allows me to express my creativity through fire manipulation. 
We live out in the country. 
family 
Leanne has been super sweet during my break-up, always checking in to see how I'm doing, listening to me blab on and on, and making me laugh. 
Helping the community by sponsoring needy families via Angel Tree 
pants...felt good because i had a coupon and they only cost one dollar 
so thankful my kids wake up happy in the mornings. 
Grateful that my boss values me!!! 
able to provide a solution to a customer win win for both parties 
my husband. 
my daughter 
I have found the love of my life and we are married! 
Family saying I love you! 
My boyfriend loaned me $10 for gas 
God woke me up today. 
Today I got to laugh with a co worker 
Juicer--wanted it to change the way I ate. 
My beautiful home that provides shelter and place to find peace and relaxation 
My life and my health 
the good, educated and proficient doctors that handled my son's surgery yesterday. 
Seeing my boyfriend was lovely as he appreciates who I am and understands me 
No more revision for my exams! 
dyed my hair and it didn't go horrifically wrong! 
Sweet girlfriend 
1. 
Crazy landlords wanting me to pay for new sod, a new water heater, a new pool filter ... 
The kids got off too school without a hitch. 
having some where to live 
have a place to work in my own room. 
I am intelligent. 
saw an old friend I havent seen in years. 
my family 
A home to live in 
Laptopnew clothesnew movie 
alive despite illnesses. 
Meeting a new co-worker with very similar beliefs, ideas, views. 
My guitarist helping me work on my songs and saying he gets them stuck in his head, in a good way. 
graduation, I did not have a job for 6 months and could not pay my school loans. 
was able to make it through the day without coffee despite being exhausted. 
Sebs gets rid of the bugs for me before I even notice them! 
found fraudulent activity on my card, reported it and got it reversed. 
Lily seems calmer 
No sick children. 
forever grateful for my mates, worldwide. 
Today, I am thankful for a loving husband who woke me up with a back rub. 
Going to Hell (Can I get an Amen?!) I committed my life to Jesus Christ in July 1984, and recommitted my life on August 3, 2008. 
The kids didn't quarrel as much as they normally do. 
She accepts me for who I am and seasons all her words to me with grace. 
They really appreciated the new and interesting food I bought in. 
COFFEE: LOVE IT AND IT HELPS RELIEVE THE HEADACHES IGET EVERYDAY, BEFORE IT IS TIME TO TAKE A MUSCLE RELAXER 
A loving and understanding husband 
my life; 
More of my landscape is finished and it is looking good 
a man made me really laugh at lunch - I'm glad my new hair color makes me more accessible 
My mom and I didn't argue 
today I was able to work. 
Lukas (the cat) woke me up at 5 a.m. 
Life in general 
Meditating in the sunI felt more energized and peaceful 
My husband came home safe from work. 
zaff called me to help me talk over work 
my son 
My family is always there for me. 
doctor told me i was going to be okay 
my daughter makes me happy and iam thankful for her. 
got accepted to Rider University 
I have funds to help support my job search 
my husband has provided for me and my family so that I could stay at home and bea mom! 
Being able to see my grandma who is only 5 minutes away. 
Got all my work doneStarted on next weeks work 
tablet 
kids 
able to provide a beautiful home for my girls. 
waking up in the morning and cuddling with my husband 
today for a friends help cutting a tree down .... 
the life of my pets 
The children took the divorce news better than expected. 
working from home 
Waking up in the morning 
to have a place to live. 
My supportive husband. 
my children. 
my second mom, Margot. 
very grateful that I have a home that I can look forward to coming home to each day! 
to have my Children. 
grandkids 
to have my own space and place of creativity. 
having a nice home to come home to. 
health 
my children, my church family, my parents, Tim, friends 
Allowing myself to have all feelings without judgment and trying new things outside my judgment zone 
Dad bought crickets for my Tarantula 
I got house somewhat cleaned up 
when Alex has a good day or when mom isn't too stressed out 
to have my health and physicality. 
don't have to worry about the ex husband. 
we were able to have dinner with my parents last night. 
Our dog; a constant source of joy. 
My extremely supportive wife 
I got to be at home with my kids today and we didn't have to DO anything. 
a place to stay. 
My Mother. 
No relationship to worry about. 
have a wonderful, sweet, adorable daughter named Aubrey Parker. 
My Home 
don't fight with my parents anymore. 
that I've had the opportunity to spend positive time with my husband while getting some good walks in. 
My son was cooperative all day with all the appointments we had to go to. 
Going back to work. 
1. 
My son had a good report in his agenda about his behavior and his reading. 
1. 
My laptop - my husband got it for me for my birthday and it has a beautiful daisy cover. 
1. 
My HusbandHe finally got a job. 
The gal at the window at Starbucks was so smiley and nice. 
Gold hoop earrings 
ma gratefull for my body and the fackt that my clothes fit me :-) 
took my kids to the pool and they loved it. 
I have horses in my life and I am grateful for my horse and my ability to ride. 
my house 
being healthy 
My son's 
received a text from hubby (song lyrics) "rock me gently" 70's song 
Talked with Kevin, K.G., and Ian about my fears of the future. 
worked with wonderful co-workers 
Yesterday I had an awful day at work. 
talked to my mom 
family 
Got to stay home today with myself 
not deathly ill (have been) and have survived to work on feeling better and better. 
have a home. 
My job 
My car. 
Installation 
to have a new position 
TIME - I am grateful for having all the time to focus on ME. 
I had the money that Emily gave to me to send the full payment to the IRS. 
600 Count sheets 
shoes, Purse, pants 
my inner strength 
my sweetie fried me some squash from his garden! 
My computer is something I really feel has opened up the world for me. 
Pets 
This beautiful sweater that I had seen, why I bought a sweater I don't know, because I live in Tampa,Fl 
my dogs 
my children 
pc desk 
dave for making dinner last night 
the love of a good man. 
to have 2 beautiful daughters who truly love their mom. 
have a wonderful family that loves and supports me. 
I got my bathroom cleaned and my bedroom cleaned. 
getting up in the morning 
quiet time today 
bought clothes 
my boss gave me an extension on a deadline 
my mother in law was not hurt in her accident 
Got a compliment from a friend at work 
My husband just went thru a scary health concern. 
having trouble with a co-worker the boss likes, and found out we're having a meeting tomorrow to discuss the issue. 
have enough food to eat. 
Sang along to radio on my way in. 
Accident. 
Got a cash game going. 
The thunder and lightning was very loud. 
I have a place to stay - 2 actually, while I am looking for an apartment 
my dads great health at the age of 82 
my first date at the age of 15 went really well, thanks to the help of my mother. 
made it to my appointment on time, even though I really didn't want to attend. 
My Dad. 
my dog 
yummy leftovers for lunch 
Mitou is chewing a pigskin. 
Pot HoldersI kept putting it off and then, I bought them in the supermarket, I was so pleased! 3 for 12.99! 
getting to spend more time with my daughters today 
the time I get to spend with my kids. 
Coffee (Espresso)- I felt satisfied - I would feel the same way 
Greg and how hard he works for us. 
my life 
My parents 
My A/C works 
Matt. 
Healthy Children 
went for a walk with my coworkers. 
to have a job 
my children ..........one died in 1999 
My birthday present to myself! 
My Friends 
Healthy children 
my sister is there to support me through my divorce. 
good shape after being in horrible shape a few years ago. 
my children and grandchildren are healthy and happy 
Managed to deal with the stress of a 1 year old diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. 
Living 
Leaving an abusive mother behind: I felt very free after doing that! 
Being able to give to others a piece of what they lost. 
Sending a fax 
my family 
janoskis 
Had a yard sale today and it didn't rain, was beautiful and sunny! 
my life. 
our dog, Maddy, she is so sweet and gentle. 
Haley got us Chinese food for lunch today. 
My parents--they would seriously do anything for me and are always there for me. 
My family gave me a few minutes of alone time tonight after the birthday dinner. 
shoes 
My dog makes my life great. 
got a phone call from my new employer at the job I start in 1 1/2 weeks to tell me that one of the owners liked a report that I had prepared for him so much that he wants me to continue to prepare it for him each month. 
Brian and Violet 
my mother is around to help me out with my children & my household! 
I have someone in my life that accepts me for me and loves me no matter what 
My family 
My son when he stops by to visit. 
Today I enjoyed the beautiful blue skies and sunshine. 
Nancy made me a gluten free meal. 
Jesus Christ my lord 
marijuana, a birthday present for my best friend, tank top 
was able to find a pile of empty storage containers so I can start cleaning onut my studio. 
Hardworking husband 
my job 
the opportunity to support the LGBT community by being an active member of the PRIDE ERG at work. 
having a job 
Having a phone call from oldest DD 
I was able to get some of my laundry done. 
got a lot done. 
I can still dream and think of things that warm my heart 
healthy children 
a live 
My Mother wants to move into assisted living 
have the joy of working with creative and beautiful people that share their joy and their sorrows with me honestly and openly 
the health of my husband and kids. 
My husband and sons 
I have loving parents that want the best for me and would do anything in their power to make me happy. 
Graham put away his blocks without me asking! 
Thankful I have a caring family 
LEARNED TO DO PAYROLL 
A job 
having a helpful husband. 
made my kids a special dinner 
life 
My red Alabama hatMy carMy flowing white skirt 
My husband cleaned my cooktop of all the pesky breadcrumbs from my hollow Cuban bread family sandwich. 
Sean willingly got up from sleeping to help me jimmy the lock on my car and was happy to help. 
grautful for my grandkids 
My beautiful daughter 
June 20th, 2013 The amazing friends and family I have that are so proud of my accomplishments 
My husband and son are going to visit family next week and giving me a few days to myself here at the house! 
worked in animal emergency clinic and it was my job to stay calm and cool to help the patients and the owners to not freak out. 
C got the spider out of the apartment and didn't let the cat eat it. 
don't have to worry about getting homework done anymore and balancing that with my work and home life because I already got my degrees. 
We sorted and organized more boxes and put some in storage. 
my kitties. 
so thankful that the Supreme court ruled DOMA unconstitutional and also struck down Prop 8. 
Dinner with Danny and Liz - Good company with supportive and positive people 
my so, he is the joy of my life and always make me smile. 
My bedroom is cleaned up 
my husband bought me a new car today. 
knowing my kids are doing well in their life. 
to be alive and well 
the plumbing being fixed in ajs bathroom 
best family ever!! 
Grateful that I had a great experience with Ray. 
having an amazing child, like my niece, in my life. 
1. 
1. 
my husband. 
The biggest source of stress that i no longer have to deal with is my Grandmother. 
simply grateful that the sun is shining on me today. 
a good wife. 
a hair iron, I just had to have - I have not used it, not even worked up to cut my hair in the style I had in mind. 
A coworker helped me with a sale. 
I am God's Kid. 
got to work on a cool bracelet design for several hours 
how paul seems to want to please me these days. 
was able to go shopping with my daughter and we got along great! 
the skillset I have as a CVT which has kept me happily and gailfully employed for 16 years, and which has switched on the scientist in me 
Hanging out with Amanda, Doug, and Daniel, and Tanner and listening to music last night 
my son 
so thankful that I have a husband that loves me. 
Marlowe 
have a wonderful healthy mother, that cares for me 
Hanna, my daughter 
when the girls were playing with their baby brother 
The first thing I am grateful for having is my son, I love him so much and a thank God for sending him to me, I am so lucky to have him in my life. 
Winning my softball game! 
The sun was up and shining after days. 
When I've hit a true money crisis, I've asked for help. 
went to the market with my son. 
My partner. 
Having a place to live 
A new client contacted me to clarify a point I had made in advance of heading into a meeting. 
The love of my family, including all my furbabies. 
My son and his Dad have great memories. 
my man is here and we have a whole family. 
Being alone 
my job 
going to the restaurant for some nice food 
Tom in my life 
my boyfriend, who is constantly around via bbm. 
was lucky to talk to my family. 
YESTERDAY! on Sunday I went to the park to get some relaxation from the stress of life it was so peaceful there the waterfall were beautiful i noticed the Ducks there they come to you when they are hungry to be fed they jump in the water and paddle with there feet very fast in the water to get to you for their meal they are not shy they come right to you that's because Ducks are not abused by humans they come in packs the dad the mom and the kids mostly they will even pick a fight with you to get a meal! 
Maria emailed positive thoughts 
My son. 
my relationship with Dave and his loving support during my stressful time of uncertainty 
some one smiled at me and wished me a great day 
my cushions - they make my living room cosey and homely i love them - you are not taking them away from me!! 
my new friend Clare. 
greatly to have a wonderful relationship with my Mom, Dad, and Sister, and especially Ben. 
My dogs, without their constant companionship I would have been lost with empty nester syndrome. 
bus driver to wish for happy day 
my family 
My family 
Having Kids 
My beautiful daughters. 
school for something I enjoy so I can also be my own boss someday 
I have a loving family 
My 3 beautiful children... although my stress level is through the roof, knowing that I am needed helps me keep going. 
my life with my family. 
Home, thilled, excited, future visions of peace, love, and family being created in this home. 
my Dad is in the house to help me when I'm hurt or sick. 
my beautiful home, with trees and birds and a pool. 
My physical well-being. 
Spoke with another person about work problems and made me feel better. 
My family and friends 
feeling less depressed and anxious today 
don't have to worry about having all the kids home still. 
Meditation - I was able to meditate for 10 mins and do some yoga postures. 
My supporting and loving husband. 
Being cheered on for running with my son. 
My Kids 
My dog. 
Arthur texted me good morning and at least said he appreciated the phone message. 
I have parents to fall back on if I ever need help. 
I could get a pedicure. 
my new brown bag 
my husband. 
My youngest son stopped by today out of the blue it was nice to see him! 
stressed all the time 24/7 are u kidding me! 
My family 
My family's love and health 
Research on brother's addiction made me grateful.It is an awful addiction and so grateful that "there by the grace of god go I" 
my husband's love and appreciation. 
I have a house with land and we're not stuck in an apartment or townhome 
very thankful that Justin fixex my coffee, cranks my car, and carries my purse out to my car for me every morning. 
god and he is in me 
My husband and mother is always there for me to understand my panic attacks and does a lot to make life easier for me. 
My kids. 
My family's Health 
it when people are there for me. 
Graduating from college....It was something that definitely hit me hard, but once I gave it time, things got better. 
had a solid day at work. 
Great song played during the commute to work 
to be feeling good on such a beautiful day. 
Grateful that I can provide a home, food, etc. 
my health. 
God's Word and both hearing and reading it daily 
customers 
1. 
My husband is the most amazing person to spend my life with. 
a friend brought her mother in to my gallery to shop today, especially since this has possibly been the slowest week on record. 
My chosen sisters were willing to join me in a circle to work on some heavy things and also to celebrate some new joys. 
The thing I am most grateful for is that the most intensely stressful relationship I've ever had is a thing of the past. 
friends who are brilliant, thoughtful and willing to invest time in our relationship. 
My wonderful apartment! 
Family 
Bad relationship 
Didn't get in argument with brother in-law 
Thankful for having friends helping me build the retaining wall 
Jugar c Eugenio 
Having a stress-free day at work. 
Roots! 
my office 
hung out with Clara today and she said everybody has been asking about me and I'm grateful old friends care about me 
my friend Janet was there to listen to me when I felt alone and scared. 
family--no matter what I know I can always count on my family to support me in helping with my health, taking care of me when I'm sick, making me meals when I'm down and providing me with company. 
My home is comfy and affordable. 
Thankful for having the time and space to mend from an illness. 
have a hhouse to live in ,that Iicand decorate however ie want, there are nois, smellly neightbors above or below 
my family and the time I spend with them. 
was able to sleep late. 
My children being healthy 
a close friend helping me overcome a life time of physical, emotional and sexual abuse 
Being socially acceptable. 
would buy me a modest 4 bedroom home. 
my free will and ability to think and abundant opportunities and possibilities 
1. 
Today at the store, I forgot to purchase a bag of ice. 
to have a wonderful boyfriend 
camera 
Manga How-To-Draw BookI imagined creating, being artsy, and doing something I loved when I thought about buying this book. 
My GrandmumI think more than anything she just wants me to get better - to be in less pain, and be on less medication, and just be happier. 
1. 
finished Morgans bed and cleaned her room and set up her new bed. 
My children 
Confirmed my job dogsitting tomorrow - not only do I get to hang out with a sweet puppy who smiles and runs to greet me, but I get paid for it, too! 
had amazing hot and steamy sex - wow! 
My grandmother for her love and support 
Reflect on your thoughts below I chose a large screen TV, mainly because I can’t see like I use to. 
my daughter schedule was on mark today and she ate well. 
so grateful that sweetie cleaned out the potty pan ! 
shoes phone computer 
my husbands feeling better 
my life 
went to see my carioligyst and it was not stressful went smooth and a good outcome 
loveing familyhaving great friends and fair health 
Nature 
Expression my needs for help when i feel overwhelmed. 
THAT I WAS ABLE TO GET UP OUT OF BED AND GO DO THE THINGS I NEEDED TO DO 
trusting god 
My boyfriend's daughter has been very helpful in feeding the dog. 
My wonderful daughter, reason why I breath 
family 
Nick followed through on his offer to take care of Raychel while I work 
Grateful for the solitude I had this morning. 
My ex-husband. 
Karah found out that there is nothing wrong with her breasts. 
Family 
went to a workshop alone, I prove myself I can relate with strange people and talk about what Im interested. 
Able to accomplish small goals 
Steven 
Two people really liked one of my paintings 
my eye doctor's generosity and care 
Rachel came over to be with me 
my feline friend Sadie how brings me much companionship and joy. 
my friends sympathized with my feelings and offered their support. 
The first thing I don't have to worry about is passing exams. 
I have a loving husband. 
had a good time talking with Fia yesterday. 
my husband gave me a checkup and treated me with care when I came home sick. 
Hubby bought a new espresso/cappuccino machine, so we went out a got a lovely 13-piece service for espresso. 
get to do what I love to do 
good children-thank you God for giving me such wonderful children, they are healthy and strong 
My husband who loves me and I love him 
My friend Juliana, how she enjoys spending time with me. 
Grateful for our health. 
The first thing I am grateful for is my life. 
my husband 
my husband is in remission almost 2 years from cancer 
good hearted friends that care about my personality more than my apprearence 
a roof over my head. 
my health 
our morning sitter who is always so reliable and sweet to our family each day. 
grocery's, 
my sobriety. 
My Family, Mom, Olu and Flo 
my friends and a family 
HAVE THANKFUL TO STILL BE AFTER BREAST CANCER 2006. 
The ability to workout. 
Health 
my husband. 
My family and my Edward 
My home. 
customers 
My home 
Living in a beautiful place - gardens, fields, mountain view 
Make up-I felt happy like I was pampering myself & I thought I deserved it. 
to live in a beautiful cottage surrounded by a beautiful garden 
my family i love them and they love me 
Did morning chores today despite feeling down. 
Indoor plumbing 
Everyone else did the dishes and cleaned up after dinner. 
the mental and physical strength and capacity to help others and to work and play/enjoy life 
Our new front doorIt was a designer piece at a bargain price. 
My puppy and his cuddles and love and protection 
Spending time with other people, talking and sharing laughs. 
Shandon working on things around the house - wonderful! 
Ability to learn something new 
My sister Dons 
my dad's love 
Walking into the police station and reporting the crime against me from my teenage years. 
Sarah emptied the dishwasher. 
Butch didn't turn in his paperwork to PUD for the discount and the sent us a seven hundred dollar bill, that he hid because he didn't want to tell me. 
Uncle Mike took Sarah and I over to his house today and while she was washing his car and helping him around the house I got to listen to music and play a game on the computer, Time to myself. 
Had lunch with Vanessa and we talked about some serious stuff. 
spending time with my kids. 
My dogs: they always welcome me when I come into a room, always so excited to see me. 
my mom and dad -family -friends 
have a roof over my head 
my husband, more often than not, he's level headed, structured and focused 
my family is healthy. 
got the board meeting minutes completed 
new shower caddydaylight lampcar 
Corset, excited but disappointed noone to wear for now like i thought there would be 
Ice cream and movies! 
i get to work with Aric 
the wonderful children in my classroom 
New car 
Computer 
saw 3 boys get baptzied 
My friends in the Texas Music Community 
Helpful and trustworthy employees who make my job easier 
Not being physically, mentally and emotionally abused by my ex, anymore. 
was able to find a workable solution to a problem I created 
My sister posted a picture of me and the heading said, my beautiful sister. 
Loving, supportive friends that gave me an understanding shoulder to cry on after Di said goodbye 
was invited to a friend get together 
was able to go for a walk, and felt stress free when I came home 
New friends were great company at the lighthouse fundraiser/ solstice party this evening. 
My beautiful garden possibilities 
hired some movers to get some furniture to my house. 
My loving husband 
dress 
Hannah and Harper 
Tie dye skirt 
spent time with friends i hadn't seen for awhile 
My Boxer Daisey I let her off her leash in the yard. 
HUsband parked the car for me 
Andrew & Liz & Joey, Liz texting me this week telling me she misses me & thanking me for the baby clothes. 
juicer- need to feel healthyneed to use dailywould miss it if it were gone 
god 
opened on time 
MY FAMILY 
Kids 
jim had dinner when I got home 
PC 
the beautiful neighbor hood I live in, our yard, and that I live in the country. 
Jen told me she liked me and offered to help. 
FB because I can keep in touch with people and communicate with people without being overly social. 
I have a house 
I have the motivation and the energy to work in the garden as well as work on fixing the house up... 
my niece. 
Grateful that God loves me and cares about me 
a family that loves me. 
have a well paying job 
God 
no longer teaching 
friendships purposeful work 
change in staff changes at work car change 
I live in Hawaii and the weather is always nice and it rarely rains and I can summer clothes everyday! 
Waking up to my 14 month old daughter pulling on my shirt and saying momma to get my attention. 
seeing my daughters face. 
Son 
finished assessing the residents' portfolios, which gave me a feeling of accomplishment 
was feeling pretty low today and Steve gave me a really nice, soothing hug. 
my husband who texts "love you" messages everyday. 
My marriage, I have an adoring awesome husband who totally dotes on me. 
Getting home safely despite the traffic conditions and the near accidents caused by unsafe drivers. 
first a "high" then a low thinking I shouldn't have spent the money 
A home; I would feel joyous and peaceful 
my dogs. 
my family and the hope we have in the Lord. 
My family being able to taxi my kids back and forth. 
my yard. 
he is going to get married. 
my parents whom I love dearly. 
Encountering pleasant, happy people randomly. 
Getting Ready For Church 
Mom is feeling much better, health wise! 
Having a nice home 
My healthy sonHaving him be okay gives me a reason to keep going 
Michael so much. 
Michael saying "I love you" in my ear. 
My children are so happy and loving. 
Where we will live in our new city 
enjoyed going to the opera with Donna.I had a nice time chatting with Brenda.Bob called to thank me for his Father's Day card. 
Family 
Finding an awesome modern home. 
Went to the gym and lifted - had a great time doing it. 
a very loving and caring person 
Home 
Crochet club 
friends that make me happy to be around 
My voice 
my health that allows me to run and play with my kids today. 
house 
My life. 
family 
my kids 
Able to finish all my goals 
was able to keep cool in the heat 
husband texted me a nice message 
Having a husband to be home with 
Don is home safe and sound tonight. 
my job 
Having wonderful people in my life.That have gifted me with skills to overcome.. 
My home 
My children are healthy 
car 
my family, 
1. 
Blah blah blah 
Buying a house 
My girls 
the family is in good health 
booksskirtsandals 
have a roof over my head 
Portable a/c 
1. 
getting kids to destination on timewalking over to the park with Irelandwatching Mateo play ball in the rain 
When my kids hit each other back it's so hard not to scream back at them. 
waking up 
being with my partner 
have a place to live now, after moving from Canada back to the US. 
I can be myself and still be loved and accepted, my husband might not always agree with everything I say or do, but he is always there for me when I need him, eventhough we argue sometimes. 
Len 
for...Being part of an amazing family 
the time I get with my daughters 
my kind loving parents and spending time with them. 
Orange dress, Costa Rica vacationBusiness Travel 
my home - having my own space 
Life 
Snowfy and Delilah! 
My daughter babysat my grandson for me, allowing me to rest after taking a fall the other day 
my kids 
Nice people 
can't remember any 
I (we) get to spend this time with Mom. 
my kids 
God 
my loving and supporting boyfriend 
have an amazing boyfriend and great family how love me very much 
my way to make my dream come true and i am thankfull for that 
Have my dogs 
spent time with Topaz. 
Grateful for my mother having a tanning bed. 
Great patients and connections with people. 
life overall being healthy. 
and grateful that my kids are happy and healthy 
My kids got nits from daycare I handled it pretty well considering that I cryed my eyes out the first time it happened 
phone 
Good family 
to have Tom in my life. 
dvd playercarexercise tapes 
staying in this home without worry about rent or utilities, etc. 
I did this for myself implanting dentures. 
Jessie wasn't in a bad mood. 
was able to complete my homework without having to go somewhere alone. 
so utterly grateful for my cat, Neuron, and his good health. 
i have a husband that truely loves me. 
Having delicious food in the cupboard, also healthy which makes me feel happy and lucky. 
Number one is definatley having my dad here, he almost died last year and i still get to spend everyday with him. 
My husband cooking for me. 
having the means to buy a coffee every day. 
My healthy beautiful brilliant loving grandbaby. 
Made Jem smile. 
Finished sorting a huge pile of mail 
Marriagew 
Enough newspaper to finish the job 
Booked a Massage 
my children are the best gifts i have ever received in this life 
have a very comfortable bed 
people at work are funny which makes life easier 
Drue was happy about the poppies. 
the love of my life taking care of me last night while I was sick. 
He is good and console me when he felt that he made me sad 
Listening to the audio book Yoga Is: A Transformational Journey. 
extremely thankful for Scott. 
Having Scott in my life. 
the things my husband does for me and the sacrifices that he has made to make our marriage work . 
my friends are good cooks. 
When my son was young, feeling rowdy being a kid and then in turn did something that would upset me (tantrums, whining, damaging things), I learned to walk away when angry until we had both calmed down. 
Just enough rain to make all the plants happy 
We have good cars now so I don't have to worry about the car crumbling into a pile of rust or my kid's foot going thru the floorboard. 
Everything fits (finally) into the camping bins. 
a new pair of shoes, a new ring, loose gemstones 
kim 
Enjoy watching the kittens place. 
Skip takes good care of me when I am not feeling well. 
Waking up 
My husband and the patience and kindness he shows me. 
i have a home 
my SO because he helped me plant a small flower garden in the backyard, when he normally would rather not have anything but grass growing in the yard. 
Ben taking Eva so I could be on my own for a while - though it is sad that I want to be 
My son is recovering from his surgery very well. 
My loving, supportive boyfriend 
the new client's this week. 
Went for a walk with my granddaughter and niece and we saw a doe with her fawn cross in front of us, I was able to take a photo/ 
My daughter and her boyfriend sang at the park. 
tech item; i.e. camera, I-pad, etc. 
My relationship with God. 
A strong, loving relationship with boyfriend. 
to Lord Jesus that He saved me. 
Co-worker who understands/sees the same things/is willing to bike to work with me/fun/easy to get along with 
Got paid :-) 
The people that I love! 
My sister sent me a nice post on Facebook 
have a roof over my head, food and all the necessities of life. 
Got our student loan paperwork for my son's freshman year of college all done! 
my health 
Treadmill - Thought Wow! 
Was a quiet peaceful day...no drama 
Photographer friend contacted me and said I was one of the best photographers they knew and wanted my help for their project 
spending time with our kids 
My children, my joy, my physical body and its abilities. 
family, pets and friends 
I have a swimming pool 
having a roof over my head 
My grandmother was very understanding about how hard it would be for me to visit her this Saturday, and offered for me to go have lunch with her during the week. 
My cat was particularly sweet and friendly today. 
My mother has a job (she was unemployed for a while) and all my three sisters are currently in school - two of them with scholarships. 
was very lucky that my boyfriend was going home at the same hour as I was, so I could take a ride instead of taking the bus - which meant I got home earlier and had some extra time to relax. 
My little boy. 
George 
so grateful that Mike let me sleep in today. 
my kids 
Cookies 
My boss Anais, plus my co-workers. 
the beautiful sunset last nite 
Very blessed to be given another day of life from my heavenly father.All glory to him. 
to be alive. 
My emwave because it brings me a sense of tranquility. 
family 
Some O rings and some air conditioning fluidbecause my car would be cool for my clients 
my husband who leaves me little love notes around the house telling me how much he loves me. 
don't have to worry about being in a bad relationship with my husband. 
My parents they have been so supportive of me all my life. 
so glad for Celeni and our Zumba class. 
Becky is getting married next week and shared the updated plans 
Having a home that is livable. 
Health 
got to order my supplements with out much fuss from hubby 
today is over 
have not bought anything but food in over 3 years as I do not have a job 
My partner bringing flowers, being affectionate, making Thai meals 
God. 
Family.... Especially My Mother and siblings. 
A place to live 
My children 
Starting to get paid by insurance company 
was able to meditate for most of the day without interruption. 
peace in the house right now. 
my cat pepper she been there threw all my sickness and ups and down and been by my side ,,, 
not the only grandchild who had to move back home. 
hotel in San Antonio to relax before end of vacation 
my home 
care giver 
I looked into getting my ceus for mammography. 
toaster oven. 
Skin CreamA BookMake up 
My grandson 
divorce 
We have had a good past few days since we had the big blowup last week. 
my pet 
new face cream 
My 2 children 
right now that I'm with my daughter and grandson . 
my apartment 
That i have a roof over my head. 
have a beautiful home with abundant love 
I can get up every morning and that I'm healthy enough to do the things that I need and want to do on my own. 
My Facebook friends have been a tremendous source of support and friendship. 
My Mom went through a hard battle of lung cancer and COPD. 
thought I needed .1 more CEC credits before I could renew my certifications for my health coach but when I plugged in my latest CEC credits, I found out I was actually over and was able to renew immediately. 
My family 
I got to hang out with Emily and Lauren and Phil. 
to be with my daughter and granddaughter today. 
to be living apart from Hugh and Sophie 
my husband ,children and grandchildren 
HAVING A JOB 
CUSTOMER CONFRONTATION 
work 
truly greatful for my children, family and friends...they are a daily inspiration to keep me motivated to continue on my journey of self discovery, gaining more independence and relying on myself more. 
My sister cooks my meals. 
I had a loan repaid. 
peace 
work 
Made significant progress toward completing training manual edits. 
Relationship with spouse better than before and keeps improving 
Completed gathering supplies for the marathon aid stations. 
Books 
My amazing dogs. 
Zach being such a great boyfriend and listening to me when I have problems 
My Granddaughter 
Kind people 
M. made me breakfast even though i let him down 
to have Willow. 
My husbandMy daughter 
to be alive. 
My new washer and dryer seriously made me giddy. 
My home. 
Mary and I were able to watch and appreciate "Bed of Roses". 
Dad- He can't hurt me anymore. 
almost done with my meditation shawl! 
so grateful to have Izzy and her unconditional love and instant forgiveness. 
My son 
my family 
my partner went to my daughter's house with me. 
time to study. 
New Clothes 
I raised a daughter who enjoys each and everyday of her life. 
chatted with an old friend 
made a delicious dinner and it came out great! 
watched the birds at the feeder. 
Vandy and Rozlyn are are my three year old twins. 
didn't oversleep. 
Being alive 
my relationship with my husband 
my husbandhe does about anything for me 
Tack för att det är städat 
Fredrick skrev fina lappar, och var roligJag hade många glada kunderJag var glad och full av energi hela dagen 
My daughter Mili 
my awesome husband! 
1. 
My husband loves me 
mom made the potato salad. 
my ability to stay home 
death in the family is never stress free. 
the weather is finally nice! 
Husband cooked dinner. 
having a safe home that is full of furry friends to love. 
not focusing on a job while in school. 
My dogs did not run off through the woods...again. 
My loyal dogs. 
the unconditional love and support my mom always has for me. 
do not have to worry about finding a peaceful place to live. 
My family love me. 
i have shawn to take care of me. 
Family 
Apprehension on knowing I have to learn the ins and outs of an RV, but still elated that I can start to work on my goal of visiting my family in other states and camping. 
My sewing machine because I enjoy sewing and hope to make money selling things I make. 
I have a home when so many are homeless worldwide and even here in the states. 
I have a job when so many others would like one 
Going through bankruptcy years ago when Joe was out of work for 6 months in row, I somehow managed to keep the bills paid and did my best to not make him feel bad about being unemployed. 
Got ready for work quicker than usual so I was able to take a nap before I had to go to work. 
finally finished a project at work that had been taking some time. 
Had enough money to buy lunch at the deli and get a bit of a walk in before work. 
Got some house cleaning done. 
All the above suggestions.... My husband did send me a thoughtful email. 
No one is yelling at me directly. 
My health 
hjh 
to have people to bounce ideas off of 
My mother called because she thought of me. 
Clothing 
my friend Linda who always brightens up my day when we connect 
A job 
i have my Mommy and the life W/we have together and the future W/we have to look forward to. 
hubby 
ENJOY LIVING FOR THE LORD!!! 
i have a job 
only had to work 2 hours 
made a new fruit infused water. 
Today we were able to spend time together looking at antiques. 
My trees have been trimmed 
My husband and the marriage we share. 
Financial ease 
The health of my husband. 
My ereader 
I have tomorrow off. 
My children 
the health of my family 
My beautiful daughters 
Orange 70's shoesI called so many stores to get these awesome shoes, and finally one and only one store had them left. 
People in my life and how the love and support me. 
My family. 
JOhn 
was grateful that we had gas in the truck to go to church. 
Have a home to live in. 
Support for getting Gabe to things I cannot. 
Family 
would feel happy, safe and proud. 
me having a home 
talked to mark made headway on so things 
Rode Guinness and we did well together. 
My mother dying. 
HAD TIME TO READ IN HAMMOCK 
my loving wife. 
My Son 
learned new information regarding HUD home sales that i did not know. 
The warm day 2day, Beautiful weather :) 
Spending time with my auntie. 
Spent the day at the pool. 
Seeing Sarah Kite and her overall "nerdiness" with me. 
not underwriting anymore and getting to use my degree. 
Having my children with good health 
healthy children 
shoes 
having a job 
my husband is understanding of me. 
my daughter. 
My dog, Happy 
a patient and loving husband. 
my health 
my family, 4 wonderful kids and a supportive husband. 
can see COLORS :) 
the free gift of salvation through the grace and mercy of Jesus Christ, my Savior and Lord. 
Anxiety when I was unable to have my anti-anxiety medication due to a medical test the next morning.... using deep breathing and progressive muscle relaxation. 
Jeff was willing to come home over lunch, pick me up and take me for my appointment (I can't drive....seizures). 
Today, 7/13/2013, was Rachel Abel's birthday and I succeeded in making it there. 
My new tennis shoes - I was so happy because I needed a new size due to my medical issues that didn't hurt my feet and helped me with balance. 
My purchase: A Cure for my Chronic Lyme DiseaseThe day I got it, I truly believe I would be questioning everyone involved if it was really real. 
Waking up, being able to do my daily chores, to call my sister and ask if she like to sit on the porch with me. 
Home, health insurance, my hubby, my son 
spiral ham 
john 
My physical heath 
a good man 
was able to find food here at home to make lunch and dinner with - and the boys ate it! 
My loving husband who provides for my family 
My brand new car is fixed and still smells new! 
my church family and how my pastor really reaches me just when I need the message he speaks of. 
Having dinner together around the table as a family 
my children 
to Richard for always sending me thoughtful texts and telling me he loves me 
family and my boyfriend, and my doggie, Odie. 
was grateful I got to sleep in 
kindle fireloved at first but don't use as much since I have an ipad now - I still like it for the bedside though 
my family 
new shoes 
My son 
got to spend time with Josh 
My family 
My daughter Ashley lent us he food card to get dinner tonight. 
Hiked with Dennis about 2 miles over in Alfred on the Pine Wood Trails. 
most grateful for my supportive husband. 
Kia Forte 
the interview I had yesterday. 
Health 
honestly have not made any purchases due to hard times. 
Having Alexis here is very supportive. 
Kids 
got my Martha Stewart Loom Kit that I have been wanting. 
Waking up to my son pinching my face saying "cheeky monkey" and "good morning mum did you have a good sleep"!! 
my husband works hard and pays the bills 
God 
My best friend called me, which always makes me feel great. 
My sobriety, without it, nothing else would be-period. 
my family 
Happy that my son had a play date with his best friend. 
family 
Having a great time playing a game with the girls. 
spending time with Andy 
1. 
1. 
unpacked my suitcase- finally! 
My hubby walked a special dog with me tonight, making all 3 of us grateful for what we have. 
My boss. 
my child and grandchildren. 
A home. 
THE CHILDREN GOT ALONG TODAY ALMOST PERFECTLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THEY DID THIS YESTERDAY TOO!!!! 
My Friends as most of my family has passed away the family and friends i have are most important to me 
all my children and granchildren 
I get to make such a huge difference in my residents' lives. 
no longer have to stress about pleasing people at church. 
was able to speak eloquently in our weekly meeting. 
my husband started painting the living room.That my kids are healthy.My family. 
Clothes 
my hubby 
my kids 
My husband is so willing and voluntarily helps with the kids and around the house. 
Having great friends be there for my family that I know will be friends for my lifetime. 
Ronald He's very patient with me and is constantly reassuring me. 
my home 
get to spend time with my kids 
Spent time with my children. 
Grateful for a great day with my son Nate at the Cruisin Palozza... 
not I do not need to stress about...My ex and all the abuse 
the baby was peaceful and happy today...brings me so much joy. 
A friend told me she loves me 
having my husband with me 
my parents 
the morning chores went good todayI did'nt feel as rushed and pressured to get it all done faster 
spending time with kelly 
First HD TV..bought 2008. 
my husband of 37 yrs! 
My daughter and grandkids. 
My children. 
new friends 
My children are healthy with no physical issues. 
Having a nice home that is paid for 
Bubba Cup. 
Life 
my son and who he is.. 
Meeting new people 
When the boys do the things ive asked them to do without any arguing 
my daughter 
I can keep busy and make the night go by fast. 
i have a job at the moment instd of out hunting 4 one! 
working from home! 
relationship with boss-I am so grateful that this has worked out. 
they cancelled the walmart pitch...normally I probably would have been really upset but instead I was relieved. 
Made it to both my doctor appts with plenty of time to spare. 
my children 
my overall health was pretty good today as I was able to continue to get the front yard work done on my own. 
my family, without them I would be miserable. 
Thankful of having a good husband, he does so much for me. 
1. 
my daughter 
Gardening Plants - They made me happy because we would be supplying our food for the next 6 months. 
have a God to pray for. 
having Katya in my life - for being around to see her grow - for the joy she has brought to my life - she has taught me love 
Having to make some pretty big health decisions - I chose to take back the control instead of letting the Dr's control my life. 
Woke up early with no effort 
does not apply 
I have my children. 
Someone trying to belittle me on Facebook, Calling me out, so to speak. 
didn't sit & cry for no reason. 
1. 
1. 
Grateful to have so much to be able to go down to beach and stay 
My family 
All my difficult life experiences. 
Nothing 
my father comingFor the meals sharedFor him driving me 
Reached 16k steps 
My son and him still being alive and okay. 
my dogs were behaving and very good today. 
my health is fairly good at my age and that I continue to love and have an open heart in life. 
for a female I have a good mechanical mind and can redesign or figure out complex situations. 
I have a challenging job. 
Finishing High School when my friends didn't. 
Wonderful friends 
Getting back my money from some people! 
my home, my car, my stuff. 
bought a house with 3 bedrooms, a study, craft room, glorious kitchen and a fantastic family room. 
the first day of a new year and i spent it with my mom, brother, sister-in-law and their two beautiful sons. 
I have a roof over my head and an air conditioner that works. 
LIFE,THAY MNKING GOD EVERYDAY THAT I WAKE UP. 
Sleeping in my wonderful, soft bed. 
Thankful I went threw the day without any arguments. 
my children and husband love me 
lilbit 
life 
a solid stable roof over our heads, and the many luxuries we are able to enjoy. 
-able to enjoy going to the market with partner and having a healthy meal with local produce 
got up on time for my morning prayers 
my partner and husband. 
my grandson 
have a good job to go to every morning. 
My boss retiring. 
Great coworkers. 
my hubby and lovely little son who is my world 
retirement in a safe environment while I still have my health 
being late to work..complaing at my desk...calling In sick 
health 
My Saviour 
Wow...I haven't bought anything like that.. 
the wonderful place I live. 
was able to get caught up before going on vacation My supervisor is easy going My coworker wished me a great vacation before I left 
Pete made cookies tonight. 
Healthy family 
I have a nice house to live in 
my children. 
My daughter cut the back of her throat with a piece of plastic pipe and I stayed calm and stopped the bleeding . 
My husband sat in the eye doctor's office with me during my exam. 
very thankful for my son, who gives me joy just by being him, but also through playing baseball. 
A safe beautiful home 
the you tube clip of the dancing cockatoo. 
Jake Allen 
Cleaning up the yard- being outside 
to have had a chance to see my son when he got out of work, before he left to watch the Bruins game. 
don't worry about my mother-in-law saying inappropriate things or hurting my family in any way, because we have removed ourselves from dealing with her. 
I woke today, that my Father in Heaven chose to give me another day, another chance to get things right. 
Sleeping all night 
this peaceful sunday 
A good night's sleep 
My and my family's life and health 
my 2 sons 
My boys who are so wonderful. 
my daughter's good health 
My children 
enjoying the quiet, hearing the birds, the winds blow, the woods, it makes you hear yourself. 
my friend Alice that invited me to join her family and friends in celebration of her daughter's graduation. 
Family 
My car 
My intelligence and ability to do well in school. 
living in this peaceful lovely home provided by my love, for us to be happy. 
spending time with Kris 
My mom - she is the only person left in my life that takes an active role in my life. 
my husband who truly listens to me and shares his thoughts and feelings. 
There have been times that I have been seriously stressed about money. 
A meeting with our real estate agent went very well. 
have good children :) 
He came to see me, regardless of our argument last night. 
My dog,Kemi. 
Having a peaceful happy day with Josh. 
Victoria came over 
the beautiful house that David and I own. 
my children and grankids. 
the connection I continue to have with friends and relatives since I moved in April 
The good health of myself and my children 
silver bracelet - it made me feel happy, smiling, pretty and special. 
1. 
My husband, he is so in love and never stops showing it! 
and hopeful hearing my husband tell me he has been praying and asking God to lead him in his decisions.Thankful for my son who teaches me life lessons all over again. 
A quite relaxing home. 
have a job that pays more than I've ever been paid in my life. 
Mark 
My freedom to worship GOD 
the air that I breathe 
my comfy bed 
a pair of jeans 
To have such good work mate friends 
My kids are my world 
My family 
My husband and son 
my husband 
healthy and fit and I have great legs! 
Clean-up thoroughly and maintain a clean space over time. 
Mike 
My Family 
I got all my clothes and shoes picked up off the floor and took out the compost 
That i have a loving family 
A loving family of birth who support me, whether or not they understand me 
got a new job that pays me well and I feel like I'm getting a little better at it. 
my daughter can play basketball and enjoy it. 
my health 
my friends sarah and Carla who have stuck by side during my season with my ex. 
my wonderful family. 
ok - the first thing I'm grateful for - my ability to positively impact an individual or family's life 
my children and grandchildren. 
Round pen 
Telling Omar my true feelings 
Life 
My job 
Being called an "angel on earth" by my patient's son 
My life and that of my family 
finished developing a training exercise for a new climate tool. 
Not far to drive to work 
new hippie pantsXX 
shelter 
or knowing that my struggles couldn't begin to compare to those who have struggled much worst than I have and continue to struggle. 
The ability to actually work. 
our oldest daughter and her husband are asking us to help them with their house. 
My daughter called and I got to talk to her. 
iPad: I was given this at Christmas and used it for a week before putting it underneath my bed and not touching it since. 
A roof over our heads, 
His constant business incoming calls at home. 
Found 3 new healthy low cholesterol recipes for supper tonight. 
My kids and husband 
greeting my son and girlfriend today. 
family 
Received a bonus 
New Iphone... 
so very thankful for my amazingly-wonderful, loving husband! 
Today I'm grateful for the moments spent with my family especially with my grandfather because he's really fascinating 
headphones - i wanted them to better enjoy music. 
GRATEFUL FOR MY TWO SONS AND THE JOY THEY BRING ME WATCHING THEM BECOME ADULTS. 
The friends I have 
Having a free day! 
having food to eat 
my husband 
nothing 
sunday morning with stefan 
we were able to go to the lake and i got to snorkel with the kids. 
My sister sent me a funny link to a video about a petting cat. 
Homework/papers since I took a year off from school. 
my husband 
The love of my family 
The weekend 
my home is peaceful and that I do not have any trouble with my neighbours. 
To have a local church where I am spiritually fed and challenged. 
my two dogs that love me unconditionally 
leaving a bad job 
had extra time for me 
Grateful that my husband has a job so I can be a stay at home mom. 
My husband being gone from us due to the Military. 
Made it to my sons appointment without any problems and got there on time. 
the beautiful sunsets I can see when I need time for reflection, sitting on my front porch. 
My Car 
My healthy and happy kids 
we have a nice new house in a cute neighborhood. 
My husbamd 
Good food 
to be alive 
most grateful for to have a caring family where we embrace our differences and celebrate our strengths.. 
1. 
My health 
iPhone 4s 
My son and grand daughter. 
The weather today was perfect... temperature was not too hot or cold. 
No longer being a foster parent. 
An abusive ex 
No rain. 
have a home 
Brian loves to cuddle and always touch me. 
Phone call with Lisa catching up. 
my family and I have shelter, food, clothes and the bills are paid. 
My lovely children 
my son's car accident 
was grateful to be able to sit in my home and chill, relax and watched tv. 
Family, friends, health, cat 
didn't give up yet 
1. 
1. 
got the truck inspected before it was due 
Friends that are there when you need them. 
Friends I can be myself with, all the parts-happy and sad. 
Kindle; holds so many books to help me with my relationship with God yet, I always seem to come back to television shows at the end of the night. 
Every night I get to sleep in a warm clean bed. 
The first thing I am grateful for is; For God's strength in starting over once again, because I'm no quitter, Grateful HE is not as well. 
talked to my Aunt. 
have a job 
It was a quiet day for phones 
my kids all have jobs and homes 
I am able to grow within my company. 
Socially, nobody is there for me. 
My friend, Kate, who rescued me from boredom and is rescuing me from spending my birthday alone. 
The Love of my son 
Time alone; I was allowed to go into my room, watch a movie by myself, and go online to check prices on textbooks (and check email!) all without reprecussions. 
was able to wish my niece, Katelynn, happy birthday. 
The 85 yr old gentlemen who taught me to jitterbug. 
My supportive husband 
Discovering new music that is unusual and makes me want to dance/move 
Right now I don't have to worry as much about money. 
going back to school, 
me 
Today i decided to stop being unhappy 
would feel good about myself, happy about the purchase 
Steve and his vigor well for me....what a wonderful pre dinner event. 
My home - represents my family. 
Seeing my friends after such a long time and being able to spend the night with them. 
The girls helped with dishes today 
PAT HANGING THE SHELF FOR ME. 
my husbandmy dogmy family 
my family 
my yeast infection is better 
a place to stay 
My daughter is the love of my life and have changed our lives forever 
Tea 
Got a call home and placed with them the good news brochure 
i am still taking breath 
Xero soles shoesBurberry credit card caseMason Pearson Hair brush 
A motivating manager 
Kardos asked me about going to a play that he won tickets for. 
No more worrying about staff and members @ Itrim 
day at home with the husband 
have sufficient food in the fridge that can be healthy and sustaining. 
getting some yard work done 
seriously thankful for my 18 year old son- and the respect and companionship I get from him and his friends. 
Caught up on past-due bills 
My parents 
very thankful for having a very supportive family and girlfriend 
this clear blue day. 
felt some inner peaceused biketalked to sister Glenda 
I was able to save my goats life 
have a man who listens to me and tries to make my life better. 
That my mother is not drinking, David is not being mean to her or I, and that I have an opportunity to start over by living here. 
my family. 
Family --spending time with Victoria 
Cameo necklace and earrings 
My dog Chyna 
A stressful relationship with a man who was all wrong for me. 
had a great morning walk with my dog and some friends. 
The beautiful pearl colored sky outside my window. 
my house-although its old and needs repair i am happy we have a house that fits all of us 
my grandkids 
family 
My husband! 
My wonderful husband! 
Steve liked my pics 
Got to cuddle with my boyfriend for a few hours on the couch while we watched tv. 
Grateful for the delicious food that I can eat 
Jeff and his relentless positive attitude and strong work ethic 
Home, shelter 
my clean and sober life 
fancy hairdryer- saves me tons of time and makes hair look better and it's low EMF 
Three happy healthy children and a beautiful wife 
my relationship with GOD 
so happy for my good friend Brenda, she understands how I feel and appreciates similar things as I do. 
My new roommate did this dishes while I was out without expectation. 
being alive 
The good weather 
moving to CA 
GOD 
I have a wonderful Home where we feel safe and comfortable 
Eli wanting to live in a home that we create and work with me to keep it vital. 
my husband and I are committed to making our marriage as healthy and strong as it can be. 
Chatting with my friend Raul, and Vibhor 
That i go to work and laugh almost all day every time i work. 
My son's 
all the love and support surrounding our wedding. 
Tanning productCupcakesConcealer 
My mom 
chris 
Car 
My boyfriend who makes sure that I'm always okay and takes good care of me 
to have friends that I have known for many years. 
was able to prepare well for my interview with my attire 
being grateful 
DOMA repealed 
Talking with my friend Enie. 
Got to babysit an adorable kitten 
Jeff, who I love to spend time with. 
My friends have been incredibly supportive during this difficult transition. 
don't have to worry about my ex's alcoholism and how I had to take care of everything all the time. 
babysitter 
the beautiful day and spending time with family I don't see often. 
having a good family who will always help me in times of need. 
Healthy children. 
Grand daughters 
a loving God that doesn't give up on me. 
have a house that is comfortable and I don't worry about where my next meal is coming from. 
woke up not feeling as groggy 
Great hours. 
a nice and confortable place to live 
Husband cleaned the garage 
Connie noticed my progress in handling public criticism. 
funny when I can be myself. 
dinner out and time with my family 
Being able to do what I love 
God woke me up this morning. 
got a free pizza. 
healthy kids 
Going to church 
Got the floor finished 
my boyfriend's mom, who cleans and cooks for us. 
Bob helped us out today. 
role playing gamesmy dogmy cats 
got up early, went o the beach, experienced and took pictures of a beautiful sunrise. 
Gods amazing grace in my life today, even on the days I'm not very willing. 
Family, my beautiful children & grand babies. 
felt appreciated for what I do. 
to be able to come to Chiangmai and make dream comes true. 
my friends, Don and Tami and that they have welcomed me into their home! 
woke up alive this morning and not DEAD 
To have a roof over my head and not be homeless. 
Faith 
Kevin received a letter from Gigi at camp. 
Spending lots of time with the family this Sunday! 
requested something of my husband and he was open to it and agreed to it. 
My daughter got clean and sober and is employed with friends and a life. 
ron for being so supportive when I had to have Howie euthanized. 
Good Health 
my kids my home 
Tidied the kitchen before mum came over 
My house is paid for. 
left an abusive relationship. 
made it to the grocery store and back without a major meltdown while driving. 
Had a great dinner at home. 
My husband travels for business, and his trip was safely accomplished! 
made my weekly shopping trip with no problems! 
I was lucky enough to marry my best friend. 
do not have a mortgage payment. 
I got to the store and back. 
Yesterday, I spent the entire day with my best friend, my husband. 
got to wake up next to my husband. 
My family 
My husband 
The day to myself to relax 
Ex husband. 
... 
fully employed and have good benefits and good workmates. 
don't have any outstanding bills except my mortgage and monthly service bills. 
new group friends - 
Tickets to Skydiving 
so thankful that Casie came & got Sophi. 
A nice breakfast 
Waking up with my husband early in the morning before he goes to work 
My home and garden 
managed to finish 30 mins of yoga today 
I got off of work early. 
to use all of my new products, to create luxurious all natural spa treatments, soaps, scrubs and skin care. 
Family-both mine and my partners. 
Job prospects 
very grateful for my children that have been a great caring support for so long in all the crappy fucked up times :) 
work is less stressful today. 
I have some to help give me injections. 
woke up feeling good said my prayer 
Will hugged me and said he hoped I felt better. 
gratful for my daughter last night when she thought ot call alex because iw as freaking out 
I got the time and took that time to sort out my thoughts and feelings 
once was stressing about how people were talking about my relationship. 
The fact that mum decided to come with me to the health fair anyway. 
family 
My partner doing thoughtful things for me like calling to see if I need anything while he's out. 
That Jerry is thinking about how to go forward in our relationship. 
my car made it workI am grateful I look good todayI am grateful I do not have vertigo this morning 
food 
Familial work place 
paint for my hallway 
relationship with Nick 
I have a job that permits me to do extra-curriculars at night. 
got my living room cleanout out and vacuumed 
no one in my family called me today because I hate them! 
My family of origin is helpful. 
1. 
1. 
Work went smoothly, which is a big deal consider I am only in the office two days this week. 
spend quality time with my daughter 
My artistic talent 
He is loving to read bible verses to me in the a.m. 
My team mates being respectful 
my Lord Jesus 
Cleaning my house 
My aunt recently passed on. 
I felt competent and not overwhelmed with an important project today. 
good health 
Pristiq 
1. 
one thing im greatful for is my mother, even though we might fight, she is always there for me and trys so hard to help me with anything and everything while also haveing to care for 3 others kids and herself 
Makes more time for me these days. 
Good report on daughter's checkup. 
very grateful for my children. 
Thank my granddaughters live with us. 
Elliptical 
picked up some paperwork from work and faxed it to proper recipient in allotted time. 
friends 
My Job. 
My husband, Ron. 
My dog and I walked for 4 miles, stopping at 2 miles downtown to get some water. 
opportunities to get together with my amazing extended family - amazing in that they are all interesting, caring people and amazing in that we are all able to get together. 
Having a home to live in, food in the frig, and money in the bank. 
war 
was grateful that I was able to tell Greg my feelings 
Flight stick for computer game 
My new teaching job, which will get me out of poverty and dependence. 
I had courage to go into the studio and sing my songs in front of people and have confidence that it was good. 
The love of my family 
my social security check. 
my family and my friends 
Kristy helping me with a recommendation from her pain doctor so I can get help with my back pain. 
My health 
have a job 
One of my dogs woke me up early, so I used the extra time to make a great breakfast AND get to work a little early to make up some time. 
My daughter. 
My husband - my constant support and best friend - where it is so easy to provide him the same love and gratitude that he shows, not only to me - but to everyone. 
Made it to work safely 
That even though I am moody and angry my beautiful son still smiles and shows me so much love. 
a single parent and happy to be one. 
managed to hang out a few items of clothing to dry. 
had my hair cut for the first time in a year! 
New friends at work. 
It rained, the rain always renews me...makes my spirit feel at peace. 
my roommate cleaned the laundry room and bathroom 
Our House-We have so much more room and we finally felt like we reached the top 
My grandchildren & children. 
My daughter. 
first i am greatful for waking up today and for my man whom is in my corner an a daily bases 
to have a fun part time job..the extra money is helpful and I like the team I work with. 
the conversation over coffee early this morning with my longtime friend before she left to go back home (across country). 
having a home for myself and my family. 
My family 
John Riley texting me about all the fun we had this weekend and making me laugh about the Kanye album. 
dinner with Arthur 
Yesterday.....the hamster slept. 
my daughter
Colleagues who are supportive, friendly, and wise. 
was able to write some good definitions for our values. 
a man who loves me very much 
my caring husbandmy good childrenmy caring friends 
Having my dogs surgery be a success, returning him to mobility. 
philippa driving the girls tomorrow 
barney 
Mickey walking Riley this morning so I could get right to work. 
My family. 
Clean water to drink and refresh my body both on the outside and on the inside (for myself and my family) 
Bri. 
Grateful that I finally came up with something to give to my brother for his wedding, and even more thrilled that it is something to MAKE! 
my grandma for taking my mothers place 
have a car. 
Spouse who worries about me driving home from work in bad weather. 
I ever going to find someone to love 
Enjoyed getting the yard raked and seeing how much better it looked. 
My healthy wonderful son, who is fun loving, successful and well balanced 
Melodica - I bought it because i really liked the sound and i thought i'd be awesome at playing it . 
MakeupCarJewelry 
have a new life, my own apartment, school and the chance to establish a new career. 
I was able to take an uninterrupted shower. 
17, I financially supported my family of 5 because my mother was out of work. 
Ipad birksnew laptop 
my dog 
was able to sit in peace and play Deus Ex. 
Hunter 
it is summer and I am able to spend so much time with my son when I am not working. 
the laughter we shared with Bonita and Terry on Saturday. 
don't have to worry about coming back from vacation, the house and the cats are all fine. 
Husband is secretly arranging a surprise for me for my birthday, going to a lot of trouble and effort. 
got parts for my car 
Doll clothingI really wanted them to make me happy in the hobby again 
Having my dog Karma with me in Washington. 
Grateful to be able to work from home 
my mom is with me now and our relationship is getting restored. 
1. 
1. 
Maggie kissed me. 
My son - that he is okay, healthy and living his life the way he wants to - doing the things he enjoys - going to college...I'm very proud of him! 
Gary went back out and got dinner for us after he had just gotten home for work. 
my things-apt, furniture, car, etc. 
all i can think of things i have given away. 
Happy for colleagues promotions 
well .. i used to buy things and didnt use yet am happy that i have bought. 
my life and lives of family. 
Smile with a stranger and said have a nice day 
been born as human and having all the things needed. 
replied to Anjula even though i made myself not to talk with anyone today. 
each day somthing happening. 
buy nice things and give away 
completed the editing of one more chapter in my book; which puts me closer to publishing it. 
MY FAMILY 
was able to come to office on time. 
That i know i can always depend on my mom and dad, 
healthy and comfortable at home 
my husband in supporting me through this difficult time 
great family very supportive 
Mac computerI dont use it as often as I thought I would. 
1. 
and, i went shopping for myself, talk to my daughter, (the one on the right in the photo) every day now, and, getting our relationship back on track 
My son Luke and I came to an agreement about how he will contribute to sharing the costs of living at home 
My family for their love and support. 
My loving husband 
My lovely dogs 
amgrateful for the support I am getting from Raj , Ranjeet and kids.Raj,s carressing at night time 
Supernet Saree. 
Comment by Pattinand Craig in appreciation of what i do for clients 
Thankful for Julia 
My husband 
my OA program. 
Having my own space 
house is clean 
when someone cares for me 
Once when i had to perform and was so much stressed out! 
Thank you from the bottom of my heart A.R that you were and are always here for me. 
felt happy because i strengthened my friendship with some distant friends ; we joked and laughed for a long time. 
to have met AR, his company made me positive, mature, and someone who wants to excel and achieve something in life! 
i was praised in front of the class for my efforts. 
Zoya gained confidence in me and expressed her love and gratitude for my support during critical situations in her life. 
my mom and she's the one who makes everything look so perfect in my life even if it isn't. 
health 
My coworkers taking the time to listen to my concerns. 
king size bed 
my dog, Casey had a great check-up at the vet and is healthy. 
my pole bar, how to improve my pronunciation book and my home today. 
Always there to lend an ear - listening and knowing when input is needed. 
my health 
to have my OH 
My family & friends 
the kind person I spoke with at the University who renewed my faith in humanity and eased my frustrations. 
received a raise at work 
My children 
iphone projector - i was happy because i know i could use it during holidays 
My ability to be at home with my family 
Waking up today. 
handblown glass bowl 
apprenhensive 
Preparing nice meals 
My family and having 2 great kids 
my son seemed to understand that it was time for him to move on to be on his own. 
my husband helped me put away the groceries and said he would do it alone... 
my daughters 
to have a roof over my head no matter what. 
My own house 
baysitting my niece and nephew 
oportunity to be together 
my Boss for allowing me to visit one of my customers. 
Dinner Together 
Chen got her visa 
Sleeping disorder 
My caring friends: Minni, Hempreet, Pinchu, Monica, Sonia, ruppy 
My children 
my family is healthy 
My parents 
watch 
our company values high end products that make me successful. 
no longer stressing about my parents' divorce. 
Michael didn't get hurt riding his dirt bike! 
saxophone, bicycle, groceries 
was able to stand up for myself and ensure my needs were met, which meant i had time to sort out a new mortage, which needed to be done 
Mountain Bike - excitement, feeling that it was so great to ride, enthusiasm to ride. 
Be able to put my son to bed tonight 
giving me good values 
managed to get the dishes done which I absolutely hate to do. 
Well, I'm grateful that my husband he is totally supportive to me and also I am grateful that i have a wonderful kids. 
being with my sons and we are all reasonably healthy. 
sims money 
nice colleagues 
Playstation 3 
I have a job. 
the fact that my mother is helping me with my son now that my foor is injured 
Tennis shoes, I really like the price after looking for weeks I found what I really wanted and the price was excellent. 
My mom did something for herself - a massage. 
Thankful for my best friend and wife of 23 years. 
my friends 
One thing that makes my life great is that I have a job and I am studying in order to have a better life. 
home 
Got my car serviced in less than an hour with no extra chargesBrushed my dog 
Having a job I enjoy and get paid well for. 
Grateful to have a job to go to and 'river of money that flows towards me every week (my wages)" 
Having good health- I do not take it for granted and take responsibility to be healthy. 
My husband makes me laugh a lot. 
Not much traffic on the road 
my sisters and their kids are around, they always make me smile, even when I feel terrible. 
My Sony CameraTo have it taken away would be crappy as its a great camera. 
having a clean living envirement, sharing the chores,getting along 
health 
My wonderful kids and how amazing they are 
Got time to complete tasks on time 
We have baby bluebirds in our backyard. 
had a great conversation with Blair today. 
My boyfriend said he will do the laundry. 
I have a home to come home to. 
heard my youngest daughter saying ,"thanks mom." 
Wonderful children 
having a son who loves me so much he calls me every day 
Husband 
Amado is healthy 
Fixing the roof... 
It's early in the morning here so not much to report but I didn't wake up with a panic attack 
I can read with my mom at night. 
My health 
A job 
My parents 
A warming cuddle in bed when I got in last night. 
don't have to worry about #2 son at the moment. 
All the planets aligned so I could get my run in without any hitches. 
I can pay every bill that comes in on time and still have a little left over for things that I want rather than just having to spend on needs. 
Spending time with a friend who's having a hard time and working out how to show her I care even if I can't make her load any lighter. 
The first thing I am grateful for is the roof over my spouse and I's head. 
Anna, cause she is the best. 
My boyfriend cooked dinner for me, it made me feel spoiled and cared for 
Thank God I am Healthy and am working on that. 
Thank God am healthy. 
my apartment. 
My wife - she loves me more than I could ever love myself. 
My 6 year old son, who is happy and doing well at school 
didn't have to get coffee, which I was worried about last night; it was there when I woke up. 
1. 
Got the shopping done and had a couple of full moon treats. 
To be alive 
a student contacted me with good feedback and a personal message 
I have a family with me 
Decent salary 
not still gaining weight. 
Caught up a lot of letters. 
Supportive children 
Having the ability to work from home today. 
children, parents, health, job, Gary and Steve, friends, positive thoughts, abundant money 
My sister. 
The exam I wrote today...and PASSED successfully! 
My health 
Having tasty food 
My husband always has my back 100% in any situation, no matter how stressful or if he disagrees with how I'm handling something 
carry my weight well 
Dishes - made me happy because they are simple and beautiful. 
being a live 
FOOD 
. 
was able to control my mind for an hour 
Clothes - I recently went on a huge, post-birthday shop and got a lovely fringed top I wear so often. 
My appartment: Im grateful for my apartment because I have a roof over my head 
having the opportunity to watch a funny movie with my roommate 
my kids & husband are generally healthy 
Love 
Dane is very supportive. 
Shelter 
An amazing set of friends I can count on all the time 
don't have to worry about being accepted by the ones closest to me. 
A roof over my head 
new tire: safe 
work clothescar insurancephone bill 
MAddy! 
Easy Road to work. 
My son Devin and his warm heart always ready to smile 
Co-worker sent me a link to something she thought I'd like 
my family's health and the presence of God in our lives. 
healthy, wonderful children. 
told someone something important. 
my health 
Kelly sent me this program - and invests in our friendship to know how to help me when I'm feeling down. 
Waking up every morning and having a job. 
My independence and comfort level in doing activities alone, such as walking or going to the movies. 
another day 
Peyton was good today. 
we relocated our bedroom downstairs. 
The number one thing that make my life great are my two wonderful sons! 
my friends. 
1. 
Growing up in home that brought fear, shame, insecurity, and worry may make a person go crazy, depressed, lonely, and bitter. 
1. 
1. 
always grateful that I can get out of bed in the morning. 
can say that I've longed for things and have obtained them, but I never take them for granted. 
Enjoyed seeing students progressing 
Job 
spending time eating lunch together today 
Learning to drive a bus is one thing I'm proud of. 
My family 
IpadStill thankful to be lucky to own it 
My health 
my boss took a few minutes to teach me about a wine I didnt know the back story to. 
Talking to Ty over the phone 
Farmers market every Sunday morning 
Step progression went thorough 
The dogs didn't get out today. 
Casey wrote a whole FB post on how awesome I am for getting her canned pumpkin 
My mom. 
Katherine 
Making a customer happy today 
The weather changed and the humidity broke. 
living in a developed world 
Zach as goalie 
the welcoming ness of potter people and revisiting my love of music 
My friends came and visit 
I have a comfortable bed to sleep in tonite 
Going to corporate meeting and seeing all my co workers and interacting 
Friend asked for me to call them 
my loving Grandma and Dad both made me something to eat today. 
Team members who provide quality care 
the great house I live in 
my friend Jasmine is living in a joyful state and that Daisy's paperwork is coming together and that her visa woes are almost over. 
the past couple years, I have periodically applied to Whole Foods, as I think it would be a fun learning/apprentice-experience to work w/their natural healthcare dept. 
My friend is organising to meet tomorrow 
I can watch yoga routines on the TV services we already pay for and that my living room is just big enough to do them without moving the couch. 
a supportive, loving , and caring family 
my husband has a good job, even though it involves him being gone during the week 3 hours away. 
family 
I got to pick up Kailim today and was able to spend some time with him and just enjoy him for awhile. 
Jordans 
New outfit/ dress - I would feel I've lost something of value 
I have a patient, caring boyfriend who hasn't given up on me, who helps me and puts up with a lot 
Handphone nokia lumia 720 
Team in Training being back together. 
1. 
Having my husband in my life 
My girls and their health and happiness. 
Looking forward to lunch with a friend today. 
Had a pedicure this morning... felt like heaven 
Talking to friends helped me find a new apartment that I am excited about the possibilities of. 
my family ie my dad mum sister and brother and my extended family that are my friends. 
P did my floor stretches with me, cheered me on, and even asked to "cuddle on the floor." 
Having lunch with Marco 
Didn't have to wait for the train long at all! 
have got best gift in the world my momA dad to impart wisdom and keep a check on me 
Megan agreed a skype date 
being surrounded by nature 
my job 
All my laundry is done. 
get texts from friends that want hang out this weekend. 
Love.. and our intimacy...is explosive! 
Thank you God for the talent that I have in my hands, and the creative heart, and the sensitivity to create and design wonderful things, you are part of that wonderful miracle that live in my self that let me to be an unique artist in different areas. 
my family (extended included) is relatively healthy. 
Grateful just for having a job. 
waking up healthy 
My past illness 
Conversation with my partner about finances...tricky! 
Not having to commute everyday 
Lovely coworkers who care! 
my husband and my 2 children. 
every day i like going to my job and seeing the people I work with 
Lila 
keeping clean all the apartment, specially the kitchen and the bathroom, I thnik my mam is gonna be very happy 
got to help someone elser 
y grandson 
Great Boss and co-workers 
Camera - i thought it would be a good hobby and give me a distraction from thinking too long and hard about my ex 
nice 
MY CHILDREN 
having a JOB 
Black raspberry pint 
my sanity 
My brother, he always knows how to cheer me up 
The walk in the rain today. 
feel grateful for having a relatively chill day with my mom today, we cooked and hung out at Ate's place. 
my mom she does everything for me and makes me feel loved and cared for. 
My kids 
My happy and healthy son, he is awesome, I learn from him as much as he learns from me. 
My children 
everything I have 
Lynn listened to me. 
natasha 
ICM interview went pretty well 
my sons---Clay is awesome and takes such good care of me....met ?Holly from his high school. 
to be planning my daughter's first year of college. 
to have a job that pays me well and gives me stability. 
my family.I don't know what I would do if they were not here. 
Got a ride to the store so I wouldn't have to walk in the heat. 
you 
I have a swimming pool to share with my best friend who spent the afternoon with me talking and splashing and listening to music while we sipped mimosas! 
my sons 
Thankful that I have some very nice cousins. 
My relationship with God. 
a roof 
began yoga and meditate 
Good cheese and sushi at whole foods that puts me in a good mood - love it there. 
did make a great meal that took patience and time today. 
Grateful for the TFA interview. 
i had 22 years with my husband 
Owning my own home 
Waking up healthy. 
The Love of my husband. 
was able to talk with my sister Mary. 
daughter 
minutes rest before dinner 
was grateful to be at a good family friend's party where I could socialize and relax. 
a beautiful loving daughter. 
my bisquits came out great! 
Went to Alanon meeting, felt good to go and try something new and be in silverlake and know at least one person and to go with Abbi 
Had nice Thanksgiving with family yesterday. 
got a nice compliment from someone I work with. 
my husband who supports me in my business efforts. 
My parents who are always there to back me up and to listen to me when I'm stressing out over work. 
grate for being able to feed the homeless cats in the neighbor. 
I could sleep in today. 
worked a 8 hour shift today. 
SHOES 
I am able to put in atleast 6 hours of professional work thanks to my parents. 
My laptop 
Having a great flexible job that I can grow with 
have a great job and career path. 
didn't get side tracked when working 
coworkers that help each other out and assist me with my learning. 
have a home 
the quite and solitude that calms me and helps me to heal 
watching the babies I take carf of develop 
the people that love me are care about me. 
my family 
got my hair done 
Grateful for the love of my family and the oxygen I breath. 
spent the day with my mom and we got along well 
Professional organizers decluttering and helping me make my bedroom more peaceful. 
don't have to worry about a place to live for about eight months, and I may not have to worry about it then. 
woke up before nine o'clock. 
My sons and the decisions the youngest is making 
Planted several flower bowls and they turned out beautiful. 
have a job where I'm needed 
We are all relatively healthy. 
cooked dinner and received compliments and thank yous for my efforts. 
I was able to get 4 hours sleep without interuption. 
Life-blood flowing through my veins & I am not in need of anything beyond the essentials. 
Very grateful to have God in my life. 
to my dad who stood by my side. 
MY grandkids are healthy 
Jewelry Box 
New Clothes - I love having new summer clothes. 
we can afford cat food every day 
I have a family to love. 
Greatful to be working in a positive place 
Luke doing chores while im at work 
my daughter. 
my husband had dinner prepared for me 
hubby slept well 
House - It was new and a fresh start after we moved here. 
My children I have 4 fantastic boys 
My children 
to have had my tooth fixed and it was painless and my mom was there to support me. 
Loved, my man and my children 
Waking up in the morning 
my couch- we only had a futon for quite awhile and I was so excited when we finally got a couch. 
Life,I'm Thankful for God giving me anolther day<3 
Some gud friends 
Willow 
Grateful I can take care of my Father in-law 
A partner 
To have my own place and not live with anyone else. 
extra time with my dog. 
Having a loving family... 
1. 
That i can make my own money 
Friends and Family who care about me and ask how I am 
Cristina is a gentle person. 
my sons are doing well and are goal driven. 
no emergencies 
my chlidren are healthy and happy 
the health of my children 
my three children growing up to be incredible people who care about others and treat others well. 
House didn't flood from the rain 
Got my hair done! 
A loving and supportive wife 
my kids 
Grateful my brother and wife let me stay with them 
Husband made me coffee. 
My daughter and her love for me. 
My daughter feels better. 
being alive 
Fresh Cut Flowers are so nice to wake up to. 
My husband had back surgery about 8 weeks ago, it was very serious and he could have ended up paralyzed. 
good coworkers 
my daughter. 
I have a washer and dryer at home, and a dishwasher! 
the time I got to spend with our cat Tennyson before he passed away in 2010. 
Ukulele. 
my incredibly handsome husband, who is endlessly supportive of my goals. 
No traffic 
I was able to take a week off of work to vacation with my children and visit family. 
Cooking and eating with family 
my family. 
received two invitations from friends to hang on out on Fourth of July. 
new clothes for work 
have a loving family. 
Greyson got up on his own, so I didn't have to fight to get him clothed. 
Shelter 
my family who love and support me every day. 
saved a bird with a broken wing from the cat 
friends to walk to church with every Thursday night. 
1. 
1. 
Desktop computer. 
all the friends who have reached out to offer help to me over the past week. 
my daughter 
My bf stcks by me and loves me even in transitions and changes. 
the Universe has taken care of me. 
my husband 
Having the people I have in my life 
having a loving husband 
my husband, our adult son, our daughter in law and our eighteen month old granddaughter Roxy, my health, and my well being. 
my family 
Multi gemstone ring. 
mis niños sanos 
I have a place of my own 
My husband - without him I would be lost. 
My Health 
this home and its safety and security. 
my comfortable home where I can rest when necessary. 
Was able to complete a lot of tasks around the house. 
complemented a stranger on her outfit and watched her face light up 
dependable spouse 
Alina got up and dressed without fussing despite an aching neck 
don't have to worry about being alone anymore 
My home and the opportunity it affords me. 
The day my grandson was born with numerous complications my best friend had also got fired from a volunteer position. 
my girls 
family 
My children 
Having a satisfying job 
My boys 
Had the courage to make a life altering decision about my marriage, that I knew would hurt many people....most importantly, my boys. 
waking up 
The quiet moments when I have time to meditate. 
my sister and her kids came over to visit. 
made some zucchini bread that turned out good and tasted delicious. 
i have a job that pays well 
Having a house to live in, that we own. 
laying in bed until 10am 
My kids say "I love you" every day. 
My daughter, she inspires me and is a wonderful person 
to have a full-time job with tenure and benefits. 
the renewal of my body, mind, spirit. 
new computer - elated - able to browse 
My husband is on vacation this week and he was home all day 
sander jonnis ja mina hingasin lihtsalt rahulikult ning püüdsin olla tema jaoks avatud ning mõistev ja lihtsalt naeratasin talle 
We was going to shoping today and I bought new dress, lovley shoes and cute purse. 
Ma jõudsin ära tõlkida uue artikli, mis ilmub täna meie FB lehel 
my mom came to watch the kids today. 
My beautiful son whom loves me unconditionally 
My babies. 
My commute is not stressful 
my son, Zeke, who appeared in my life when I least expected it and fills each day with a new lesson. 
Conversation with Popri - in general. 
enjoy my house. 
Bad family relationship - easier now... 
myself and my family have pretty good health. 
I am able to exercise choices in my life to create desired change. 
Grandkids 
They are alive. 
permitting me to find myself, and work on what my dreams may be I still need affirmation that I am loved, and need to get over feeling lonely all of the time I have a good home, good neighbors 
being able to have the horses 
A home 
Having a loving partner in my life. 
I have a home to call home. 
having my dogs there to greet me when I get home 
A good share of my fellow employees were not here today and it was much quieter than normal. 
was able to take a walk and move my vehicle closer. 
Watching Laurel earn her first Junior Park Ranger Badge at Great Sand Dunes National Park. 
Being able to take a family vacation and "escape" for a time to enjoy one another and the beauty of God's creation in the great outdoors. 
Getting to teach at Glad Tidings Childcare Summer Camp. 
Window shopping with my Mom. 
The health of my loved ones- especially my kids and my husband 
That i am healthy 
my husband and kids 
David making me breakfast and Lunch 
My son babysat his brother while I got my hair done. 
FRIENDS 
Grateful for an awesome apartment! 
estoy agradecida x mi trabajo,mi salud,familia e hijos. 
have children that I wanted and got! 
My art student showed up. 
A wonderful husband who loves me and doesn't cheat on me and treats me with kindness and respect and patience. 
got "alone time" today. 
No real financial strain. 
renee talked 2 me 
my laptop. 
Phone Calls 
My family`s health. 
Home cooked meal. 
my family. 
Sage and Shad 
week being over 
Tim every morning wakes me up with sweet kisses and brings me tea. 
My husband got the car all fixed and I didn't have to do anything! 
Emergency Flashlight/RadioI would feel saddened, it in for emergencys. 
Grandma came by with my smokes, that I game her the money for yesterday. 
My laptop, it was my first one, I use it everyday for everything. 
healthy and Tru is healthy 
1. 
Lyndsay thought to text me and tell me she missed me 
I have a home. 
I have an amazing husband that is willing to accept me for who I am and is always willing to work on the hard stuff in our marriage 
having today off from work and being able to Ketchup on life a bit 
don't have to worry about my mom being home alone*** 
There is always good food here and I hardly ever have to cook it! 
UP bracelet, for fitness. 
Scott 
Time with Cara, ALONE 
My husband taking care of me. 
my daughter 
A home that is paid for. 
was able get a room cleaned without interruptions 
David 
CDs 
Bob put out his hand to help me get up from the floor. 
God up above who strengthens me and guides me. 
what I do 
my fiancee 
was grateful that Cassie was promoted from all the training she got from working with me. 
Having an amazing mentor and best friend as my boss 
have a job 
My home. 
Home 
Glad to have the feeling that I helped someone and that they were happy that I did. 
got my new bookshelves built, and was able to get things put away. 
my family and our health. 
carapartmentFernando 
great full for my drive home on 280. 
Amy and the joy she brings to teaching. 
I have such a nice, caring mother-in-law. 
to have my health. 
a loving husband, a career that is challenging but one that I enjoy and can be proud of doing, nature, friends, 
Love of a good man 
somebody told me they appreciate me 
My family is safe 
treadmill- I really like having a treadmill to walk on when I cant go outside. 
our home is beautiful 
My secure, well paying job 
My husband - he is the love of my life and my soul mate. 
Gerri helping with production prep. 
The first thing I can think of that after having been separated from my son I get to spend 3 months with him. 
My sons. 
work with books. 
my friend Brianne called me 
animals 
I was on the phone with my friend Sofia as it became her birthday in her time zone. 
rain 
My amazing son and daughter 
the customers being satisfied with their meals. 
was upset about silly things but I have a wonderful, grounded boyfriend who helped me look at the positive side of things. 
rent free/mortgage free home 
My faith in God and that he will provide and everything will work out. 
Kenny made a good dinner and cleaned up. 
Had a great day with ladies from our church at a yard sale. 
Steph told me to have a good weekend and that we would resolve my timecard problem on Monday. 
reassuring 
my friends and family 
cherry pitter, ginger grater, yogurt maker 
That my family loves each other 
family 
My family and how close we are 
CAR 
My Daughter making me dinner tonight! 
not in an abusive marriage anymore! 
Life. 
the true friends I have and my family 
Jeff 
my father. 
my dad was in a good mood today and that he trusted me with a secret. 
I have my own house and a roof over my head every night. 
exercise bench~for weight loss 
My son, 
Lunch with Geri 
was loving on and feeding my baby birds 
My family is healthy! 
friend dropped by 
both my mom and grandmother are a close part of my life. 
Health 
My Children. 
A friend who I haven't spoken to in months contacted me today and I am enjoying our conversation. 
Someone listened 
Dharma study and practice 
it is summertime. 
I have a dorm room. 
I don't have to be miserable that I am not doing what I want. 
My workout went well. 
have a very considerate and loving husband 
continuing to strive for the better in me and in others. 
Grateful for God who has lifted me to where I am today. 
Tom because he cares for me and takes good care of me. 
Husband 
my children. 
I got to spend time with Nicole and Janet this morning talking and laughing . 
Bubble Baths, kitty kats, TCM, Crumfies and ice cream 
private office 
im alive 
my parents are helping out in time of need and that I can be there also for them. 
My boyfriend, Tim. 
Got a lot of decluttering done 
felt more at ease to do my work with out stress 
to have a job where I am able to meet new people on a daily basis. 
the ability to do my chores at home. 
So grateful that my family is supportive during a tough time without being judgmental. 
J, CT, D 
My Mother 
my family especially my daughter and husband and parents 
iphone, camera, clothes 
can get help with chores 
created such an amazing little man 
bought zumba with the intentions of getting into shape and getting healthy i just haven't had time and the thought of someone taking that away from me would make me sad 
to have a nice townhome to live in . 
My new car, Mazda 6Made me so happy because I was able to get rid of the rental car! 
Brody was paid today 
most grateful for finding out I was approved for Foodstamps. 
My daughters love and respect 
nutrilite vitamins happy closer to Colm, feeling I was doing something positive for myself. 
supportive colleagues 
DSTVDressInternet Bundle 
found a way to keep the power on (served a shut off notice) 
Food to feed my daughter 
my home is cleaner than it has been in weeks. 
used to constantly struggle to pay bills and was in a constant state of worry about finances. 
my cats. 
When we were dating he called in sick to help take care of me when I was very sick. 
A lovely home and garden 
have kept the 'no contact rule' for almost two years now, I'm not sure how well I handled them, but I did! 
Family 
Swimsuit wanted a new one. 
my job 
Healthy Kids 
my health 
nothingnothingnothing 
friends 
My bestie Mary came and helped me out with cleaning the floors of the house and I am so grateful 
My pen pals 
have an awesomely supportive husband. 
the many different walks of life that are present in my household. 
dating 
my animals 
my healthI am able to stand, sit, walk, and lie down 
nothing 
Financially sound 
1. 
husband 
My husband is faithful and loves me 
That Dan is doing better 
My husband grilling the perfect brat for me! 
My dog. 
Yesterday, I got 2 very important phone calls completed without interruption. 
My boyfriends boss went out of his way for me. 
Lunch with my Boo 
haven't had to turn on the air 
healthy, active, happy children. 
My husband, who is kind, understanding, funny, smart & sweet. 
for the most part we have income to cover our needs and most of our wants. 
I have a beautiful house 
Faith people have in me 
my kids. 
still have a job. 
My car, it was a new shiny toy. 
A friend said she has faith in me 
my life 
We decided on a house we want 
The flower my son gave me after asking for forgiveness because it was a little damaged :) it was geniun act of love and made me smiled! 
My healthy baby girl 
get to work from home. 
My amazing husband, he is my best friend, love of my life, by soft place to fall....in short, MY HOME! 
so grateful for my hard working, loving husband. 
My dogs, health, intelligence, common sense, willingness to learn, my education, my family, my friends 
Son 
My husband for taking care of me when I'm sick. 
having a nice place to live 
was able to give both my dogs a bath today. 
Job interviews this week 
waking to a new day 
have so many great friends that came and made my birthday celebration such a blast. 
still have a home 
A husband who I know truly loves me. 
Talked to my best friend first thing this morning ;-) 
Making a good salary 
rugflowerscoffee 
health 
got to see my grandma and Aunt Nora . 
I have three beautiful children who are smart, healthy, and happy. 
Family and children, grand children 
1. 
Aida 
friends 
my pugs 
MY KIDS 
My friendship with my best friend 
Had the a/c fixed 
My family 
Supportive family 
have a loving home 
married to someone who loves me regardless of my flaws, does not take people for granted, and is kind to my parents. 
Being able to sleep when needed. 
There was no dog dodo on the deck to clean up! 
job - I work with great people. 
FLAT SCREEN 
a few hours of alone time today. 
family 
My close family and friends. 
family 
my children. 
my husband 
Support ..continual. 
shared some fudge to sweeten the moment we parted haha!! 
Healthy, happy children. 
waking up! 
Brent and Rob both wanted me to join them out tonight and I opened up to Chris and apologized for my out of control behavior and he accepted it and wished me good luck 
have a supportive family as I approach a major surgery this week. 
God 
lack nothing. 
my job. 
My husband 
rain 
place to live 
Grateful to have a job 
to have a good son who loves me. 
my son 
TLCH in contact 
Friends staying touch with me. 
quietness 
so thankful for my daughter who is healthy and beautiful smart and loving. 
LIving and paying such high rent. 
My husband Jeff 
family 
When Adam is helpful 
my family and friends. 
My husband children and grandchildren 
fun to be with 
my wonderful kids 
My pets; the ones I have & the ones I've had. 
how pretty the lawn looks. 
to be working in a field I've spent years studying. 
My husband and children and grandchildren. 
Husband 
waking up this morning 
My health is better. 
Moving. 
A husband that cooks & cleans because I work & go to school. 
my bff Jane is in a good relationship that makes her happy. 
Having Kevin in my life 
Manicure 
A co-worker showed up for work early and the boss let her stay to help out even though she was not on the schedule. 
A husband who will cook 
having shelter and air conditioning.And my kind kitties 
have a beautiful, comfortable home. 
have a job that pays well 
my family, they love me unconditionally and I love them the same way 
the love of my dogs,my grandchildren and all that I have ever had have had and will have! 
Took some homemade soup to neighbor!Visited with friends last night!Heard a really good band last night at a community concert! 
woke up this morning. 
My kids were hugging me constantly 
Grateful for having the time to spend alone in the morning to pray. 
iPad--Resisted getting one, now I use it every day and take it for granted. 
Right now we are all healthy and happy... 
my daughter cleaned the kitchen for me before going to work and without my asking.. i am so grateful as i did not feel well this morning 
That I'm able to do chores without chronic fatigue. 
playing with Lucy 
I have a job to go to. 
My daughter is healthy, no more issues from her accident! 
Family 
it was a beautiful sunny day today and that I was able to enjoy it because I got off work early. 
Coran and I bought food today. 
My dog Kirby. 
Lavendar farm 
my job and the fact that my manager thinks I am valuable 
simply grateful for my family. 
A dinner date with my sweetie at our fave restaurant. 
was able to lock in a ceiling on our interest rate for the home we are looking to buy in the next month. 
have a good dog for companionship and comfort. 
my three teenage sons. 
Nicole packed the van before we went to the ball game. 
A cuddle with my Daddy 
my cousins came to visit 
The family I have. 
When people at church are excited to talk to me. 
My family and getting to experience vacation with them... a beautiful, historic vineyard in wine country. 
I live on my 40 acres away from the city and neighbors 
My family - husband, children, sisters and friends 
Jeremy helped me to clean up living room. 
my kids are healthy and love me. 
eric 
I am alive, that God woke me up today to start a brand new day. 
my dogs 
Being able to open the patio door and hear my wind chimes and the singing birds and feel the cool breeze. 
My son took a nap and I got some work done and he is so peaceful and beautiful! 
1. 
scentsy/velata/grace adele businessnot recent but Jeep 
Got some cleaning done 
watched the tooth fairy 2 with my 7 year old son and then watched him fall asleep, something I don't do often enough 
F: Fixed my kids go cart this morning, was very proud of him and he was proud too 
Today I am grateful my son got off the school bus with a smile on his face. 
the lady that I worked with last night, who let me go to lunch first because I was very upset. 
coworkers assistance 
My granddaughter, daughter, husband 
Lace Kohl's Shirts. 
My cousin from out of town visited us 
a cool air-conditioned home. 
A residents' husband told me how much he appreciated me and all I do, my musical abilities. 
my photos; would like to take the time to put them all on the computer...help! 
Going back home to visit my father by myself is difficult...My husband is coming along this time so I feel supported. 
He got me my favorite drink from Sonic without asking. 
Flat Screen TV - I wanted one, now I don't - I spent so much money on it, then gave it to my sister 
God in my life 
My relationship with God 
sense of humor 
Great security team who dealt well with an incident 
managed to enjoy my day with my brother & two nieces fishing, even though I was upset with them earlier & I was unable to obtain my own fishing licsence. 
foot soak 
my son and the fact that God allowed me to raise him. 
Me. 
My dog, Radar. 
having a wonderful understanding & caring man in my life. 
My Children 
spent time with my grand baby 
boyfriend 
I get to wake up and see my Father every morning! 
I got to use my Dad's computer! 
God 
Spent the day with Scott without negative tension. 
lipsticks 
pay check 
spray bottle 
supported and loved by my mother. 
got a job today. 
My loving husband who is always supportive of me. 
My family 
my airwalk shoes 
the earth 
my kids and my family and their health 
A home I can call my own. 
My Family 
Outing for garden purchases 
The big and little boys coming on the train with me to work 
Grateful that we have sold Paradiso 
My new bed. 
my family 
have a house and parents who look after me 
My family 
was able to complete all my chores for the day without procrastination 
1. 
Today the weather was a combination between rain and sunshine. 
my husband 
The first thing I am grateful for is life. 
Talk with boss. 
Custody battle and stress is over. 
Jeg har to fantastiske børn 
my health. 
my family 
My sister took the kids to spend at her SIL house! 
having a good night's sleep. 
Daughters who pick up after themselves. 
have a job most people dream of. 
My life 
Being recognized 
my children and grandchild 
free product 
Being loved 
to hear my son giggle and laugh hysterically each day. 
woke up 
my husband 
The first thing that I'd thank for is Health. 
everyone and everything in my life- my parents, my friends, my enemies, my victories and my lessons in life. 
My family, my friends, my loved ones, my time in life, my adventures, my travels, my knowledge, my confidence, my strenght, my faith, my joy, my love, my hope, my sincerety. 
my creative talent 
A beautiful day outside and time for yard work 
health and husband 
My wonderful son and mother. 
My two daughters and me are all healthy. 
Fabric to make blouses for work.The fabric is really lovely, it feels like it will keep me cool. 
Got the backyard started 
e-reader: at first it was very interesting and fun. 
Happy to have projects at my house, that I enjoy, and that I even sometimes finish. 
Able to go to friend's and help out 
healthy and my parents are healthy. 
Playing video games with my hubby and doing well at it. 
Sleep all the night 
to be alive after my close call last year and grateful to be off those awful medications that were making me feel so bad - body aches, tired, poor response to any attempts to exercise. 
have a loving partner, loving parents, and loving relatives and friends. 
having some me time 
bikebedphone 
have a job. 
Grateful for my wonderfully supportive partner. 
1. 
Mike was so patient and calm with car problems today. 
My new Recruiting Assistant, Samantha. 
Matthew's help constructing a string trellis for the vines to wrap around. 
Supra shoesiMac Food processor 
we had a great walk at botanisk have 
have a nice home 
Confident delivery of my work update & Ann Marie inviting me to Japan next year. 
Friends that miss me. 
my happy marriage 
My Children 
New custom-made suit - was excited to look professional and well-off. 
headphones: to hear my music better. 
a call from a friend 
plant holder; had wanted/looked for couple of years. 
Smart: Can do anything he puts his mind to. 
my mom helping me become the person I want to be. 
love 
jeff, my husband, who is devoted and wonderful. 
To be able to live another day, that allows me to see my children and grandchildren s. 
was able to have Matthew back today and know that Carla was ok, God always answer my prayers, I am very grateful for his mercy. 
life 
showed that I cared to a Flight Attendant that was suffering from a painful fall. 
cherries are ripe 
was excited to hear that there is a man who can come tomorrow to work on my husband's broken wheelchair. 
Sperry Top Siders that Sabri destroyed, 
I'm feeling much better now. 
Ryan 
my family 
Having a choice about how to spend the day. 
A wonderful supportive family 
my boyfriend vinny 
to have clean sheets, a bed, and a lovely house. 
Tanner and Darwin cuddles in the morning. 
my heart ... and my boyfriends' soul. 
Grateful for my warm home, food and enough money to pay the bills 
my mom because so is kind to meI got 81% in my 5th semester i was so happyI have a good handwritingFinally I got Jesus in my life 
Jennifer and how she works so hard in trying to be a great mom and take care of the many things around home. 
have four beautiful children 
My Manager is Darren - he listens and supports me 
have a job that I enjoy, learning new things constantly and working with people I respect. 
My beautiful daughter smiling at me when I looked in her cot. 
That my boyfriend gave me an awesome full body mini massage. 
Parents 
my kids, 
to have wonderful friends and family who support and love me. 
Jeff's cooking and am very grateful for it. 
finally tidy 
I accomplished a couple of pressing tasks today . 
my children 
1. 
to have a supportive husband. 
my willpower 
looking out into the garden especially in the morning no matter what season it is 
The smell of autumn and the colour of the trees outside my house 
Noel 
to have loving parents,family and my dog 
Boss in good form and thanked me 
I got to talk to Lauren and reconnect with her after a long time of not talking. 
Extremely funny. 
We got approved for our apartment and are moving this weekend 
Parents letting me move home and live rent free, & paying for therapy sessions. 
DVD's 
salvation and having a relationship with God. 
My mother came by to watch my son so that I could take a phone interview uninterrupted. 
How he always makes sure I take care of myself 
Work went quickly 
just being at home and having my bed (with clean bedding - the best thing in the world!) after a 21 hour delay and a 40 hour journey home from the Dominican Republic. 
I have a fantastic boyfriend who is level headed and an all round good person. 
Work went well. 
the sun shining recently. 
my pets 
My children 
V die een begripvol en lief sms'je stuurde, me mist en me tijd wil geven 
little baby moving 
Companionship, 
I took the Lamda job, I love those students and enjoy doing good work with them and will. 
my friends 
a roof over my head and a place to go at night. 
cleaned the spots from the carpet! 
Red jacket. 
the roof over my head 
Giving guidance 
Being able to ride a bike to the beach any time I have time! 
Yesterday was Independence Day! 
Cheery morning greeting from a co-worker. 
figured out how to fix two mistakes/complications at work. 
My beautiful relationship with my partner 
Josh Said he missed me, and we had a fun time goofing around and having dinner out. 
My wife and I working as a team despite unknown challenges thrown at one or both of us. 
have a job working with people that I love. 
My brother is being released from the hospital. 
My kids are healthy & overall well adjusted, fun little beings 
to have a loving, wonderful, talented boyfriend. 
my husband and the notes of love and encouragement he sends me throughout the day. 
still got some work done even after my medicine wore off. 
having a home that I can change in any way I want, to make it work better for me. 
Health 
have 2 children and a responsible husband 
was able to finally start getting caught up with data entry, which has been a monkey on my back. 
had an entertaining conversation with a coworker 
My son telling me Ian the best mom 
My family at home 
owning my own business and enjoying coming to work each day 
did not have to make dinner tonight. 
don't have to worry about having small children getting into things, keeping a constant eye on them and worrying about them getting hurt. 
my good friend, Jaina, was there for me this past week during a difficult time in my life. 
My weight - I decided to get back into shape. 
family 
Heather 
I have the money to live in my own apartment, to buy my own things, to take care of myself. 
Seizure stopped and she is sleeping. 
My comfortable work shoes that I bought before I started this job. 
LIFE. 
manage to upload data on the new system at work 
A loving family that supports me. 
My daughters 
i get to work at home 
My ipadEven though I liked some things about my ipad I really do not feel bad if someone takes it away from me 
lady on the elevator told me i looked nice 
having a job with great coworkers and sage people to learn from 
Penelope 
having 4 kids 
i have my babies with me..after being all terrible for a while i mean my self.. 
my daughter said "I love you!" 
I have my husband at home to talk to and i am not as lonely as before I got married. 
another day. 
my family. 
my jeep . 
Tasty dinner with caraway seeds on the peppers 
my kids. 
my children are healthy 
My daughters. 
A husband who supports me 100%. 
Phil made me coffee 
My husband and son. 
Always listens to anything I need to get out and responds with compassion and understanding 
i have such a wonderful family. 
to the nice kids down the street who helped me carry my stuff in the house. 
Working with my husband 
Dinning out in front of the beach - Was an enjoyable activity I loved so much! 
today I had the opportunity to spend all day in a gorgeous beach, eat great food and relax in an astonishing environment 
Grateful for my house that serves me so faithfully 
not having that stress I had every day when I had my own office 
Very well prepared for the Radio broadcasting 
My family 
got to spend a few mindful moments first thing in the morning cuddling and playing with my dog, Happy. 
good friends who are also my co-workers. 
Silver coins, Value, appearance, feel.....disappointed, angry, fear of $ lost 
My children. 
The unconditional love of my dog. 
a summer party last Sunday 
most grateful for my husband, Bill. 
Family :) 
1. 
A quick "I'm thinking of you" call from my husband at work. 
J surgery 
to my grandma with what she taught me 
Love My Partner And Love Being Around Him. 
my children 
less attitude from providers 
My dogs, happy healthy and great companions 
polka dotted dress. 
My daughter doing great with her vocabulary 
My health seems to be improving and I am feeling stronger than I have in a long time. 
That Daniel made it home safely from his trip. 
MY LIFE 
My fantastic and supportive family 
my kids and i found time to go for swim and managed to have a quick picnic :) 
Spending time with Holly. 
A comfortable bed and house with my family. 
handbag 
It is great to have constant friends, especially ones who like us as a couple. 
to wake up all healthy and my hands and feet are good. 
Work type 
creative 
Nikon D800 I had to have this camera because it was the last and greatest thing available at the time. 
have realized what parts of my life I have to readjust and discovered. 
to have the whole weekend off work to enjoy with my husband. 
1. 
1. 
dog bed - finally I was going to get to sleep comfortably in my own bed 
D does grocery shopping on saturdays 
Sou muito grato pela minha vida ♥ 
co worker brought cupcakes 
That Eric bought me groceries! 
Baby girl woke up healthy today 
my dogs, they bring so much unconditional love into my home, they lift me up daily and inspire me to be in the moment a lot more, they fight for life 
nature and animals bring to me peaceand tranquility and energy and calm andresilience and replenish my soul 
Snuggling on the couch with my boyfriend. 
my wonderful family, who help me in endless ways and fill my days with much laughter. 
handled having a serious illness well, choosing to believe my doctors that I would recover and focusing on positve outcomes. 
got the garden watered, and soaked up the beauty of that late summer morning light in our yard. 
Mickey is overcoming his difficulties with his schoolwork, and that his teachers can see, now, how hard he's trying. 
She always tries to help and is ready to listen when I’m down 
God has blessed me with a wonderful family, a great husband and 4 kiddos! 
Vale went for coffee with just to accompany me, she didn't actually need it. 
Coming back from Europe 
Conversation 
New knuckle rings. 
Responded in a perfect way to my "miss you message". 
Did laundry, cleaned house, dealt with garbage and other stuff. 
Finding a secret passage between the building to cut the way to the park! 
My parents 
There was less traffic on the road 
My parents are well, alive, and continue to try and show the support I need. 
Got the data I was waiting for 
Right now while I'm working on improving myself and marketing myself to new employers, I don't have to worry about being fired or laid off, it already happened! 
Had a great interview with Nova. 
Beautiful weather 
My new watch, I love my new watch and would feel anger, despair and worry if it were taken away from me. 
got to work today. 
david - some one to share the journey with 
my son sleeping later in the morning then he has been. 
Walking in hills near my home, peacefulness around brought peacefulness inside 
my house, the new floors, the kitchen, bathroom, the ambiance. 
cut the grass for the first time. 
My son, 
I was able to create two pieces of artwork. 
my two amazing kids. 
the health and happiness of my children. 
my nieces are going to the beach with me tomorrow. 
Cigarettes - feels good to have the security of knowing I have them for when my body craves them. 
My family/friends. 
New apt 
Flat tv 
Being alive, jus to able to breath and do my routine 
Grateful for friends who help me when I need it. 
My New LaptopNew BookTablet 
just want my children to appreciate the things i do for them 
my kids are healthy and happy. 
was down 4 pounds at Weight Watchers. 
Loving parents 
Holiday house 
My health and my youthful appearance 
Thankful for family time when everyone was sitting together and visiting. 
I can do whatever I wish regarding the activities. 
IpodE-readerCell phone 
was grateful that i woke up alive and blessed to have another life. 
John 
The girls behaved okay. 
my parents, i am thankful of having them in my life 
A comfortable house to live in 
A great family 
was able to take the children to the movies. 
to sit quietly and read with dogs & cat on my lap 
Today I cooked one of my favorite dishes which I like a lot. 
greateful for my family. 
payed attention in class and took good notes 
physically healthy 
my home, the shelter it provides, the opportunity to surround myself with beauty, and the ability to open my doors to loved ones. 
was rear-ended by a new teenage driver. 
Having good roommates so far (2 months, going well!) 
free and my case was dismissed. 
have a good job. 
Ellie is doing so well in her pregnancy. 
I've coped with plenty of stressful events in the past. 
Knowing how tired I had become of trying to clear the long weed-infested flower border, B tackled it whilst I was at work one day last week. 
A home with internet. 
my daughter and grandson 
not drinking. 
family 
My health 
Grateful that I am surrounded by people that support and help me. 
I realise that I have a choice. 
a friend messaged me and wants to connect 
My family members are all healthy. 
My life 
Living in America 
My Children, I am grateful that they are with me and they are healthy 
got a lot of housework accomplished. 
Sony flatscreen tv 
handsome 
I got to spend the day with Eugene and he took me to his families house for the first time. 
Melissa libs has an amazing sense of adventure and openness. 
Gold jewelry 
entirely grateful for my family and my sobriety. 
working in a field I like very much 
made no errors 
, that I am a part of this world. 
saw my Dad today and spent time talking to him - think he even took some of what I said on board! 
have a comfortable home and live in a nice neighborhood 
my cats: who are loving, funny, demanding at times, entertaining at times, and give me permission to love them back 
to have a roomy house for all my family to live in. 
Husband accepts that I don't like to cook 
boyfriend 
I can get a good night's rest, I feel more empowered to meet the challenges of the next day. 
my husband and how wonderful he is to me. 
My Husband 
A caring fiancé (and soon to be wife) 
Valleygirl cardigan Now I got a cardigan like Cathy and feel like i am more like her- more confident, loving myself like she does, more presentable, more beautiful and approachable and have something nice to wear to walk out into the world with. 
have a safe home for which God is enabling me to pay the mortgage. 
my life as it is now 
1. 
Good music 
such an amazing best friend! 
My family 
a perfect summer day free of excessive heat and humidity. 
Bedroom Set: Feeling of accomplishment/new place & fresh start. 
Being on vacation 
Clothes on my back 
to wake up to a man in my bed that tells me I'm beautiful every time he sees me and loves me with all of his heart. 
being alive after being diagnosed with cancer 
my salary, 
the house got cleaned today while I was a work. 
New Pair of Shoes 
a roof over my head 
my bed 
two dresses made me feel good that I had something to wear hat might not make me look so fat 
My nieces visiting from denver. 
My second family for being more wonderful than my first one sometimes 
have not purchased anything in my recent memory that I really wanted for a period of time beforehand. 
my mom being in town 
My sister cooked dinner 
bought new clothes even though I didn't need it because I needed more options for my summer wardrobe 
Bracelet for Eurobasket 
I have a kind personailty 
Yesterday was my manager's birthday and I wished him a happy birthday. 
worry free in terms of money 
ride to work, wasn't stopped 
a friendly talk with people . 
so thankful that my family is back together! 
greatfull for being alive i am greatful i get to see the worls 
received support 
Picture with Paul Wesley. 
sons, Stephen and Robert 
My family my husband and children 
my husband and my daughter. 
When I wake up I thank God for letting me live another day 
healthy, and also my daughter and son, I have a place to live, I have food to eat, I have a laptop where I can see inspiring things and learn everyday something new 
clothes 
have received in life many better things than i deserved 
can spend time with my son today 
my beautiful son who is very active :) 
my talks with my BFF 
my new home 
Sigrún kíkti,alltaf notó,hún er svo góð 
my caring husband, mom, and supportive family network 
A great job! 
got to goof around with other workers while we worked - just being me and goofy 
notice how much I change I am not that girl that didn't know how to coupe with life 
My pets 
My supportive and loving family 
how much Ian does to take care of me and make me happy 
Wojtek 
was able to get all the Suny pics into plastic and also did three title pages. 
I live with a wonderful cat named Sita because she always reminds me that taking time out to play and to relax is an overlooked but significant way to appreciate the moment and leave stresses to be picked up later, and to remember why you have a pet in the first place and to really appreciate that and to be grateful for the time with our pets. 
My health 
got a very sweet kind of sexy message from a man. 
having a job where I get to work with amazing people everyday and there is no ceiling on my earning potential. 
kiran and I get so much more time together in his new job. 
Beautiful summer weather 
Teamwork on painting office project 
my own space 
My body 
I prayed in a nick of time just before spotting a deer along the road. 
Shorter Commute 
my loving and caring family. 
Means to now buy necessities that I need 
Relaxed on my own 
baked ANZAC biscuits from scratch to share with family and friends. 
maria is willing to wake me up 
Smart phone. 
The weather is glorious 
Family 
health 
having a homely home. 
I have a sweet, caring husband. 
Life 
House 
everyone productive and searching good friends and company new ways of imrpovement 
Having a loving, caring family. 
My husband 
My brother post a very funny video on his facebook and it really make me laugh. 
my confidence as a human being and my social ability. 
my son is home from college. 
the love of my life 
I have a team who likes me 
Coming to terms with a few very difficult personalities in my life and learning to respond differently and accept that I cannot change others. 
good results from a client project 
spent time with my best friend 
Going to church with my wife 
Got to see Layla, Ben and Livvy at church. 
finding the lost dvd for lanell 
no heavy rain while driving 
delicious croissant i enjoyed this morning 
My boyfriend came up to visit me unannounced, stayed for 5 whole days, and didn't once make me feel like he had somewhere else to be. 
1. 
MacBookPro 
my siblings because they are so awesome and I can literally feel the love in my heart when I am having fun with them so I am grateful that I have many awesome siblings 
My employment and salary with a government job. 
I have a husband who works hard and provides for my needs. 
going to be very happy when I get my new truck. 
Kids 
Kitchen is organised finally 
My facebook page that I am now admin for, I love looking up positive quotes, sharing, and hearing of the experiences of followers. 
healthy food in the cupboard and refrigerator. 
my partner bringing home the largest fan imaginable by bus...totally selfless 
most greatful for my health, despite some adversity I am getting in better shape daily, 
One thing that makes my life great is having self-awareness. 
the perspective of my spouse and how it is positively encouaraging my growth. 
was able to do my work 
have a job that allows me to travel and be financially independent 
spent a great 4th of july with a great friend 
Watch 
My two dogs. 
A roof over my head 
My new hairIt made me feel like a new person and happy I am evolving and bcoming who i want to be 
happy 
Director at work is showing focus and determination in order to resolve employee issue. 
increasing health 
Having my two boys get along so well and love each other so much 
People - family and Friends 
we have a new home...that we are safe, where we live, my children. 
Grateful for family 
ongoing commucation through group msg, never alone 
having babaji in my life ... jinke hote i feell i cm overcome ne prob, jo bhi life mein ho rha will take me to something best .... in short babaji is always himmat for me 
financial security. 
Alex James took me to dinner. 
back on track and ready to be successful again 
don't have to worry about giving birth in the near future, since my sweet baby boy is 9 months old!Feels like yesterday that I was pregnant. 
my pug. 
Bob and Laurie have really recently shown their support of me. 
was very happy that Jess sent me a text. 
health 
My son texting me and being able to share some humor together. 
Shoes TruckFood 
Yoli really wanted transformation, felt optimistic about future/change/weight loss 
employed. 
My lilies are blooming and look so pretty. 
my jeep 
Perfect health and healthy body. 
That I'm healthy happy and alive 
have a place to live rent free while I am working part-time. 
My son with my bf - was the wrong idea to have him with my bf but I love my son everyday more and more 
My family and friends, I may only have 2 real friends but that's what they are real. 
My growing relationship with God- I actually feel like He is listening and hears my prayers and understands my pain and is providing me with what I need to get better. 
my girls, they are good, smart, and loving. 
Spending time with my wife and daughter at night 
Joe 
my kids 
Greatful for another day. 
enjoy my pool and being able to share it. 
my boyfriend, no matter how much of a crazy mess I am, he wants nothing more than for me to be the happiest I can be. 
Talking to Rachel 
got some money from my mother to buy some medicine for my stress! 
My iPod touch. 
CJ updated me on her mother's status. 
I have down time at work today and can use this time to study for my cpa exam. 
My car, because without it, I could not get to work or go anywhere. 
to have family that loves me. 
My son. 
family 
Getting a new office and equipment 
Brian and I took a nap in our beautiful bed and it was next to each other spooning 
The ability to make myself happier than anyone else has even made me 
The things God is doing for us and with us 
0 
My son Ryan 
Some wonderful friends supported my Pozible campaign. 
When I finish cleaning my house and breakfast is done for my son and my daughter, I enjoy seeing them eat. 
shnuki getting walked 
relationships 
live in a free country 
BEING ALIVE 
God loving me just the way I am! 
that Mike is getting his legs fixed, so we can someday take a trip together and relax. 
Peter 
the chance to work on my dissertation 
Grocery shopping went without a hitch I didn't forget anything and made it home in time to make dinner on time.. 
Shaun's smiling face waking me up. 
My life - I almost died from a brain hemmorhage in 2009 and again in 2010 during brain surgery. 
was able to spend one on one time with each of my sons 
have a very good friend whom I can share my innermost thoughts/feelings without being judged. 
My kitty. 
my husband for everything he dose for me. 
to have a loving family. 
Once I came home from my parents' house, my children and husband began to argue. 
Thomas is a miracle. 
Spending time with Jack 
My children are all home and happy 
Wade gave me a hot beverage for breakfast. 
a place to live 
got to take a long walk with my daughter 
thought of a good connection today 
my Mom. 
helped splitting wood in the back pasture of my parents place. 
My boyfriends help with the house and our daughter 
junke's text about the midget dancing in a puddle 
Family & Friends 
being saved 
my grandchildren 
Tera is still around and can listen to me when I'm stressed or need advice, even if we haven't been super close the months before 
graduating 
Phone 
Good jokes at work this morning that made me laugh. 
My amazing family. 
Having a friend who is willing to listen to me and support me even when I sound like a huge puss. 
Made a few sales calls and set appointments. 
Thanks to my wife, I fixed my cabinet door with a little help from her. 
Cooking food - my wife is an expert 
Having parents that care about me. 
a loving partner who always seems to understand my ups and downs, and never takes them personally. 
my handsome, 2 years old, nephew, JJ. 
Husband 
That Christina had the babies and they are healthy 
solved rekey problem 
Having a home 
mah WHALE 
Just being alive 
The first thing I am grateful for is my family. 
my son 
F. Bar- I wanted to get in shape 
my hubby and my dogs and spending time with them makes me smile! 
ordered a grilled cheese, and I got really happy and excited because I love food, and I wanted to try that grilled cheese so badly. 
Husband 
My family and my friends 
finding something I was looking for 
don't have to worry about a place to live. 
helped a family get services they needed. 
Meg 
My home, the peace I experience being by myself. 
my Mom is happier here at my house that in the nursing home. 
Family 
My loving partner, I don't always know how to say 'thank you' for everthing he's done for me 
My father and I reunitingMy magnificently Brilliant love of my life MGZ FOR BEING BY MY SIDE EVERY STEP OF THE WAY and MAKES NE FEEL special EVERY SECOND OF EACH DAY. 
when my family is happy 
a husband that puts up with my moodiness. 
Actually knowing a number of the people in town - Lorrain. 
The house is cool and comfortable. 
Shon helped with the vacuuming and his laundry 
Conversations with Shen. 
Lucy settling in at school. 
commute 
Taking care of my 87 year old mom. 
My long hair 
having Jess and Tacy in my life. 
Life, health, and strength 
Boss showed his positive attitude and comments towards me. 
The Restored Gospel of Jesus ChristRI Training 
a loving spouse 
family 
The health of me and my family. 
Finances 
was able to spend time with an old friend 
My son and the time we spend together. 
Turtle decorationsBoozeCigarrettes 
have friends I can call for help 
having at least two friends pushing me to better myself. 
Danielle, for always being there for me, for understanding me, for having fun with me, and for being my new roomie next month. 
A supportive, loving boyfriend. 
Life 
green dress - loved it coz its so pretty - if someone took it away now i wouldn't really care. 
my relationship with God and our daily times together in prayer and meditation. 
my family. 
a spouse who loves me. 
very grateful for a home to live in, a bed to sleep in and a yard to garden in. 
waking up today and feeling content. 
The first thing I am grateful for is having a home. 
balancing my drawer each day. 
Great night of sleep. 
have a roof over my head, food, clothing, warmth, clean water and beautiful surroundings. 
My family makes me smile, laugh, and feel loved. 
being employed. 
have a lot of friends. 
Clothes 
our home is full of love.","I 
Where we are going to sleep tonight. 
to have my wonderful daughters 
Talking with one of my best friends 
Nikhil got me that club sandwich which tasted so awesome. 
have a very good girlfriend 
to have a job, well paid and full time 
Having Kathy Schumacher back in class. 
my wife. 
Completing a higher education. 
My patient flow was smooth, know one had to wait. 
a secure home in a nice neighborhood. 
health 
grateful, if a little sleepy, each morning when my youngest daughter comes in to cuddle around 4am. 
Smoking. 
The kids got to camp and enjoyed themselves so much that they asked in unison if they could stay for the whole day. 
my son, Matthew is healthy and happy. 
Geoff coming home early 
Excited, proud. 
my family, marc and I and my friends being safe after yesterdays flash flood and the fact that there was no perma-damage near or at home. 
my husband 
health 
I am this healthy even though I abuse my body. 
My friends coming over today. 
The sunflowers on my desk (that came as a gift from Evan) 
a friend called to share she had received a promotiom 
My parents 
Clean my house 
Having a wonderful healthy son and a good, understanding wife 
My mom and the fact that she is always,always there for me, no matter what the problem. 
Health 
Good health 
My family makes me very happy. 
rd 
tutored and succeeded with helping a girl with reading. 
BEING ALIVE 
My dad came and got me at work when I wasn't feeling well. 
i can be a part of a circle 
Sister 
Family support system 
My little girl is showing not just an aptitude, but an actual interest in her schoolwork, completely outside of our influence. 
Relaxation time. 
School 
had a nice sunny walk into work this morning 
My relationship with my parents is one of the best things in my life. 
My bests friend greeted me with a warm hello and is going to pick up the keys for me. 
so grateful that me and O ended our fight with a warm and loving embrace and determination to improve ourselves, our relationship and our lives. 
my friends who have shown up in my life and given me love and compassion. 
the wonderful relationship that I am involved in. 
have a great job that allows me to enjoy my passion for exercise and also my passion for marketing and strategy 
my family. 
having time with my family 
a hard days work my husband did the grocery shopping and got things we needed. 
my mom. 
a comfortable, cozy home. 
my parents, sisters, nieces nephews and brothers-in-law 
All of the children listened to me and respected the directions I was giving. 
Being able to spend my day with my Daughter and seeing how much she enjoyed herself. 
was grateful for my son being happy and bouncy today! 
the awesome person who always makes things a bit less awkward and always makes me smile. 
I have two, healthy babies. 
Grateful to God and Jesus for my salvation first and for most. 
Bedspread 
bought an eye cream. 
My respectful, kind, caring children. 
got to work at the branch I prefer today. 
kaye, my officemate for lending an ear to me. 
Chris texted me "What's up" just as I was leaving work. 
my fam and frineds 
have a job and am working. 
my beautiful daughter who makes my life happy everday. 
My camera. 
To have a roof over my head, a job working with people I really like, and money in the bank. 
was able to finish the email campaign for the next day 
My iPhone 
Zoe helping me make a super healthy salad. 
a home to come to. 
my family 
My pets 
Friends 
my parents are living, and in comfort and relative happiness. 
I was able to be useful today in the Terry search 
being able to come home to a hot meal 
got a lot of students in my office so it was busy and filled me with hope 
Joking with Tim 
My health is better. 
good income 
1. 
Husband taking care of animals 
My cats. 
I am healthy 
having a place to live. 
1. 
a friend called to see how I was feeling. 
I wake up in the morning & get to see my dogs. 
be honest 
A friend knowing I'd like a certain article about writing. 
The feel of the cool, dry air on my skin, as it has gotten much cooler and much drier in the past day. 
Tom kisses me every morning 
having such a wonderful close friend. 
Financially Secure. 
The wether us AMAZING ! 
iMacCarNew Camera 
Gary lighting the fire every morning 
My friend being a good listener is really important to me because I feel relieved when I have someone I could just vent to, who I know will never judge me. 
sleep very nice 
Health for me and another family member 
my 3 beautiful, healthy, happy daughters that give my life meaning and worth. 
Sleek make-up 
My family - including Bella. 
Eating great food with a great family 
puppies 
My best friend sent me positive quotes. 
my parents for always being there for me no matter what, always having a shoulder i can lean on and always there to help me with my kids. 
Mowing my lawn. 
I have 3 thoughtful kids. 
The day I bought my car was a long wait. 
Yesterday's rain. 
have a great job at a wonderful company 
My dogs, Molière and Tillie, who have enriched my life so much with their humor, love, and reality checks. 
was able to find humor in adversity (attempting to get customer service for cable TV is a comedy of errors, and I finally started laughing at how bad it is). 
The air became much cooler and the high humidity left.. 
have a strong connection with my brother 
my friends on Facebook. 
A new way to do art 
Health - getting blood sugar under control and starting to lose weight 
A new home to live in, where I can be myself. 
a short commute since I live only 15 mins away 
the SGA students are working together and coming to meetings 
my children. 
My family is healthy and loving. 
Colorful home 
Food on the table. 
Cell phone I would be secure knowing I could call for aid or let someone know if I am going to be late 
A new dresser 
getting my dream career for the past few years 
Mike helping around the house 
Daddys health, this cancer has really shaken up my life, its making me understand more fully our mortality, how precious life it, not to take it for granted 
my family is alive and healthy 
my 1 year old baby girl is healthy and happy every morning full of smiles 
Terry calls me all the time and we have good, deep conversations almost every time he calls. 
my Doey to come help me again today 
food 
i'm surrounded by kids whom adore me 
My family and my mother especially 
My husband, little girl and my friends 
my family 
I got to have a nice time on the cape this weekend 
bought a fantastic brand new dress for £10.00 
My husband made me breakfast in bed 
All the kids are healthy. 
to be healthy 
We found the tomato bugs. 
basic needs are met 
healthy 
Stan when he is being nice to me 
The new car BMW. 
Being able to blast music as loud as I want. 
I was able to clean out the kitchen cupboards without being interrupted by the children. 
so grateful for my husband, kids and grandkids. 
Smart, caring family 
karen brought me tomatos 
had a huge bill to pay off due to a business partnership mistake I made. 
my daughter 
family 
My daughter's sobriety 
God 
Julie's willingness to help in all situations 
my life and being able to share it with my kids. 
was able to have some alone time today. 
my husbands return home from Afghanistan 
My Mom surviving a stroke. 
My kids and grandkids 
lunch with bob and a long talk 
my mom because she listens to me and makes me feel not so alone. 
my animals. 
jeans 
Enjoyed hanging out watching wipeout with the family 
Cuddles with the puppies 
great full for my girlfriend who tries her best to keep me happy. 
had a great morning with my 9 year old son, who has ADHD, so mornings can be quite challenging. 
I have a job 
My kids and husband 
my Kids! they are amazing young women who love Jesus like to laugh have special talents that starting to emerge now. 
practiced quite a lot. 
electronic gadgets 
my family 
My family and I went to eat together 
mel 
How funny my job can be 
My children 
Friend came over to go jogging. 
my mother for giving me chance to come in this beautiful world 
Having being loved by a wonderful wife 
A roof over my head, my basic needs met 
did not set an alarm this morning & was able to sleep in. 
have some one to help me with chores are home. 
Road rage - ok I've been able to handle some instances pretty well. 
Having a roof over my head 
Today I woke up sick. 
having my mum 
good group of close friends 
Grateful for Lucy sharing this site and spending a nice lunch & walk with me, caring about my wellbeing regardless of our problems. 
the roof over my head that I can still help tend. 
talking to my mom and spending time with her. 
don't have to worry about my crush. 
My boys are healthy, physically and emotionally. 
My mobile phone was not working as well as it should and I ordered one from the shopping web sites, did not like this one too and returned it, then reflecting how much I have saved. 
My kids waking up and giving me hugs. 
having a great family and friends. 
cuddling with my husband every night 
My children 
truly grateful for my family, my son means the world to me and without him in my life I dont know what I would do! 
no health problems 
massage- although i have been stressed I could have saved my money and done other productive things to relieve my stress rather than paying for something I didn't HAVE to have. 
having a job 
passed the driving license test with ease 
My realationship with my parents 
Having health and all my body parts 
my healtyness, 
basically got offered an actual job in my internship, provided that we get the money we are applying for. 
enjoying sitting and laughing with my family and friends 
my daughter Hayden I love her and everything about her 
My wife 
Being with Arbonne peeps and feeling like a person who knew what they were talking about. 
Doing really well in my first few days at my new amazing job. 
My amazing job which has great career prospects, provides me with everything I need and is fully supportive of me. 
A happy, healthy son 
George 
have not been inundated with new tasks today. 
a lovely mother that i have she is just like my age 
Happy to spend time with my nieces 
learned something new 
Being around my coworkers. 
my dad buys lunch for us every day while my brother and I are at home. 
My friends still want to hang out with me. 
HAVING AGOOD FATHER TO LOVE 
WHEN MY MOTHER PASSED AWAY I DID NOT KNOW WHAT TO DO 
how I love myself 
the random girl helped me with job and i am going for an interview 
The freedom to determine how i spend my days and work for myself. 
sleeping in 
My husband has a job 
my family 
Family 
my son 
my husband 
to have a home 
Having a home where i feel safe, where I can rest and do the activities I enjoy in the privacy of my own space 
my cats. 
was able to cool down the house without ac 
hammock and its rack: happy because it will help me relax, ad it< been so log since I wanted to get it 
My brother sent a youtube video to make me laugh because I was feeling down 
got to spend time with the students: they make me laugh 
Taylor sent me links 
Lily 
my child 
Flexibility 
Being there for me 
all the cool friends that i have 
Family!! 
ability to have the past 3 months off to chill out 
Brock's smiles make everything awesome; when he's excited about something, it's the only thing that matters. 
OLIVIA 
I reconnected with my childhood bestfriend; it is like we were never apart over the years 
kidshusbandshelter 
Tattoo 
Ppl I know today 
My dogs 
was grateful for how well and smooth work went tonight. 
SU 
my children and family are all in good health. 
Beautiful sunny day 
My kids 
was able to read in peace. 
HD TV 
Krystal help me clean kitchen when I was making dinner 
Grateful for trustworthy colleagues who hear my heart 
my family. 
Jack 
Guitar 
my dad came home from business trip. 
don't need to worry about old boyfriend who didn't respect me. 
tidying my room . 
Walking is a great exercise 
Hope, my dog. 
My car 
my 2 children, always 
The ability to live on my own and care for myself 
have a roof over my head 
My father perpared good idli's for me and served when i went back home after work 
vikas dint scold me for combining two bugs 
my family 
Having the best husband I could wish for, 
having such wonderful mother and family who work so hard and loves me more than anything. 
I"m grateful for life 
getting the backyard set up for the girls to do water play 
The weather was nice in the morning, so the commute was beautiful and warm. 
1. 
My nephew Rolly and playing telephone with him 
A friend sent me a random text asking how I was doing. 
no longer in a bad mirage filled with too much stress. 
The opportunity to be free to drive myself and spend time at the barn working with horses. 
have family who love and accept me and a thrilled when I visit. 
Adam and I have made our room a little haven in the roommate house, especially to get us though to moving. 
took Kipper for a walk this morning, and later to the park. 
Zach. 
The random days of warmer weather and some sunshine! 
My son 
health 
Having God in my Life 
My mom cares where I am and who I'm with ... even if I'm 24 years old, she cares. 
My best friend since kindergarten. 
Good listening and advice 
a hug in morning 
my wonderful husband. 
SOFWER NOT DERSHOROKENtatey not dershrokenspeak nice do sconteryboum tolk about all freash motsi shabbos 
health 
attend a wonderful church that fills me spiritually. 
Good health 
My family (including Nimba) 
have the most beautiful grand daughter in the world. 
have wonderful children. 
being a part of happy family 
my 3 daughters 
New shirt for family photo shoot. 
Today I am most grateful for the Cannon EOS my boss helped me purchase last year. 
my son and his caring nature and fun loving spirit. 
The beauty of the day. 
ability to learn new skills to keep patients safe 
the friends that I have. 
the opportunity for redemption. 
friends call to check up on me 
Mark cooks me delicious meals! 
helped Mark figure out the menu bar. 
websites like Happify! 
Studying and homework. 
my lifestyle: car, computers, comfortable and pretty house, clothes, etc. 
slept in! 
good people at work 
Going thru a productive goal setting meeting 
I am alive. 
LIFE 
Earings 
GRATEFUL FOR TIME TO MYSELF TO COMMENCE THIS COURSE 
My daughter; I don't appreciate her enough because I'm too focused on other stressful things. 
My son 
I have a supportive friend. 
have an awesome son. 
My meeting with James from Advoca went amazingly well! 
A warm bed 
My dog! Still feeling strong and healthy. 
The goodness and achievements of my children 
I woke up this morning 
my family 
Grateful for a new day and feeling good. 
Every morning, I wake up. 
My Lace Dress 
my dad confronting me 
forever 21 earrings. 
Have a place to live 
When Carol VanSlambrock told me thank you for the posts that made her think, and are inspirational to her. 
extremely grateful for my one of my co-workers helping me out and checking on me. 
My old job was extremely stressful! 
took my nephews to the park and made it home just before the storm started. 
a beautiful fiance who will do anything for me 
a kiss from my kids 
my co-worker helping me keep my job in stressful times. 
my sister keeping me company on my bike ride today. 
Completed part 1of project 
My Garden 
smartphone - it's been a couple weeks but I'm still pretty happy about it. 
Valerie remembering my test and wishing me luck. 
Having lovely tasting food to eat during the day. 
Ryan has left town and embarked on what I hope is a new chapter in his life, hopefully as an adult 
mom 
how much God, my parents, my sister and my boyfriend love me and are always there for me. 
thankfull about my healtyness, 
No phone calls this a.m. - able to enjoy my Saturday morning coffee at my leisure :) 
Grateful to have the ability to help my team members through difficult situations at work. 
I receive a paycheck. 
the kind of influential client i have 
My husband makes me happy. 
completing task 
My family. 
health 
my mom helping me with my clothes 
clothes on clearance ( It made me happy that I was able to shop 2 sizes smaller) :) ) 
My best friend Jeremy is diabetic, working as an EMT,and was currently diagnosed with cancer. 
money 
my husband. 
don't need to worry about raising children. 
my husband. 
my husband. 
Dawn call me for actvities like the gym 
My family 
my parents who have sacrificed everything to give me all the opportunities they didn't have. 
My girlfriend 
my children, they are my sunshine 
learning to play guitar 
my dogs 
1. 
my family 
my friends 
1. 
greatfull that I have a job 
we shared a nice meditation without interruption 
My friends 
being alive. 
Getting some chores done - repotting the plant, throwing away the dead cut flowers, moving the heater etc. 
Not being on-call 
Reiki when I woke up - lovely 
Tommy wanted to go to the mall with Jared and I. 
1. 
spent time with kids and grandson 
Spending time with my Dad in the pool 
My Wife 
my boy's soccer practice this morning as it allowed me to get out and exercise a bit too! 
My good friends are always there for me, even if they have to drive over in the middle of the night and hold my hand when I'm upset. 
My relationship with Jesus 
my Higher power. 
Recognition from upper management 
Na loja de festas, escutaram minhas opiniões. 
did jezzersize 
I have a place to sleep 
1. 
My father really looks out for me 
My mom still helps me wash my clothes and buys stuff for me. 
used to be in and out jobs so money was a real concern. 
Didn't snooze so I went to work on time :) didn't have to rush at all 
my mother 
My husband made french toast for breakfast then tucked me in for a nap before he left for work 
my girlfriend said she loves me 
The food that Aunt Jenny made. 
my health is much better than yesterday. 
feel really lucky and blessed that my parents understand me and support me . 
Miss Angela sent me a beautiful sms about the photo shoot which I was nervous about and not sure how it would go but ended up being good. 
to my parents for taking care of us, providing us with everything 
Good food 
having bernard 
Estoy sola a las 4 am y libre (casi). 
My Health 
My gorgeous gorgeous son 
My family for accepting me everyday for whatever I do :) 
1. 
Home 
Nicky calmed down quickly after discovering his Kindle isn't working 
Installing Ai in order to learn digital illustration/ 2. bought large Taschen book on "Magic"/ 3. Traded in truck and bought a one year old Honda/ 
Parents and husband who love me 
My freedom 
I have a good paying job 
my Sister 
My Sister 
to the universe for my husband Hector for him sharing such a beautiful and nice home with me. 
My ipad.. 
Hearing the rain during the wee hours, while I am inside my house. 
My mom 
A mother who is there for me no matter how old I get she stands beside me while teaching me life lessons 
My best friends 
Last day that Steve was gone. 
having a good supportive family friends and boyfriend 
my family 
Healthy Family 
passed two very difficult industry exams to continue through the training program at my new job. 
my beautiful children 
My son, Evan loves to play games and sports. 
That despite of a stressful boss, I am thankful that I still have a job. 
my neighbors who helped me get in my house 
most grateful for my daughter she brings happiness and joy to my life. 
starting a business and mentor has suggested a few things that would really help me jump start my business. 
a good cup of coffee, finding a joke that I can retell. 
Matt - He always tries to cheer me up when I am down 
working in the field I want to be in for life. 
Having a Higher Power 
my best friend who helped me to overcome some really bad problems from the past 
have to worry about everything 
My husband 
Clairisonic 
my perfect weather today-sunny and hot. 
employed at a job I love. 
my boyfriend Zade. 
The kids are getting along so far today. 
Having three wonderful healthy children 
my family 
Friend came to visit. 
Having time to clean the house and organize. 
It gives me identity. 
to Penny for being a great mother to Jack and for being there for him while I cant and for giving me him in the first place. 
my husband made me a wonderful breakfast. 
years of putting up with my Dad being judgemental, critical and unsupportive of me, it came to a head last year and I had a breakdown. 
got through the list of changes that needed to be made to the community website I'm helping to build. 
did some cleaning. 
My friends concern about my meatballs! 
Took my kids to build a truck and it went well without whining and they completed on their own. 
my family. 
My Religion 
seeing my daughter happy to go to camp 
having an Area Director that cares about my learning and effective use of it to meet my goals and personally enjoy the bonus and incentives. 
The tension and growth of others around me 
have been blessed with an opportunity this summer to assist an esteemed designer, and I pleased her with my skill and work ethic. 
Honesty 
My job. 
My house 
my family and close friends. 
Nobility 
Her happy smile everyday 
I can stay and work from home so I am there for Hannah 
Bella kitty - constant companion, unconditional love (kitty style!) 
x 
my friends 
That my husband and I are able to talk honestly about our kids. 
Nike shorts 
My son grilled dinner and my 2 boys cleaned up. 
feel I can talk with Tabethia about anything and she does not judge me. 
I am a grad student pursuing a degree that will take me to my ultimate goal. 
my health. 
1. 
The first good thing that I made happen (and yeah, I guess I'm stealing it from the questions above) is actually making a delicious bacon cheeseburger meatloaf and brownies for two of my good guy friends. 
the time I was able to spend with the boys and their friends the other night. 
Craig's friends 
Physio sessions and the help I'm receiving to physically get better and stronger. 
Family 
got appreciation from boss for doing good job 
My dad controlled my car, so I feel safe while I'm travelling 
have a family that I love 
being loved by my family 
SHOES: Me dan satisfacción inmediata y hasta uno o dos meses después. 
to have time with my son and my husband that was unplanned. 
waking up everyday in a blessed house with my husband and my dog.Grateful for being safe. 
having healthy relationships with the people I love. 
don't have to worry about achieving a goal that will make me happy anymore…because I already learned that happiness is within me! :) 
Today I'm grateful for a beautiful day.I smiled and did everything I had to do with a smile on my face. 
hooho 
the first good thing I did was a great breakfast/lunch/dinner for me and my hubby and I kept on track with my vegetarian week! 
Have my nice and pretty baby 
food 
My husband 
my family 
Enjoying a family day in Lough Boora, being with my family 
Riding my bike to Syd's house and hanging out with her last night. 
My health 
The little girl with the dinosaur 
made it to Zumba! 
Having a job that I love. 
My mom pushing me to visit MAM and research volunteering 
Have 2 wonderful boys 
A husband that tries to help the best he knows how 
My daughter. 
my boyfriend 
happiness 
My family - loving mama, papa and my brother - we are very close - their are problems and fights...but there is a sense of calmness when i think of them 
1. 
My amazing fiance who sticks with me thick and thin and is so proud of everything I do 
don't have to help the public 
The amazing support system in my friends and family. 
My ability to seek the best in others. 
Grateful that everyone in my immediate circle are alive and doing okay. 
my health 
we had spare lights in the playroom so I could change up my room and add something fun without spending any money or too much time. 
My familyMy jobFriends I do have 
My business and my temporary job. 
being healthy and free from illness 
My husband 
I woke up early with my family and made it to work early 
my Mother organizing a weekend where all the family are together. 
how helpful and understanding the people I work with are. 
Went to the gym and worked out 
Helped mom clear out her room 
Shoes - made me feel hip, shiny and renewed. 
the friends i do have. 
Spending quality time with my dogs 
have a roof over my head and two nice cars. 
have vanquished the laundry monster! 
Right now, my relationship with my husband, my love, is wonderful. 
Fresh juicy muscadine grapes we bought at the produce stand yesterday. 
A client that thanked me for being so helpful. 
the letter I received today from Mom & Dad in which they expressed more good wishes for our trip & included additional financial help. 
the fact that I have people who love me and take care of me because I can't do it on my own right now. 
School holidys, children are home with me and lend a helping hand with cleaning. 
Grateful for a leisure day after a wonderful but tiring weekend 
my children and husband 
Being alive 
my aunt and uncle are helping get back on my feet. 
the help my friends are always willing to give me 
God/Jehovah is in my life. 
It was nice to give my ESRI IUC conference items to my co-workers. 
jason looking after me 
Woke up to a clean kitchen and had time for a peaceful coffee and reflection of the day. 
Quiet surroundings yet live in a neighbourhood close to other people 
I got to come home today and eat . 
Shoes. 
my children more than anything. 
Pushing Jayeliza on the swing, and sharing my muffin with Israel 
Handling 25 kids during a summer school program- doing a paper mache project that turned extremely messy and chaotic. 
Seeing my sister in the morning before work. 
learning of the government shutdown, I was grateful that I was still allowed to work. 
have a partner that thinks I am one in a million and loves me including the broken bits. 
Life as I know it: art, nature, food, friends 
to my uncle for helping me find a job 
to have two loving parents who love me unconditionally and support me in all that I do. 
Being able to walk tyson with mum this afternoon 
the wonderful man I have in my life. 
my parents who are very sweet and unerstanding and gives me so much fredom 
loved ones to come home to 
bought my Bal bags on a whim because I've always wanted them. 
Better health 
My part-time job 
get to read to my kids at night. 
very grateful for my children 
have a good personality. 
family health 
My strength 
Waking up and being able to speak and see my kids. 
Family 
my family. 
Being able to work from home 
having a room to stay in rent free 
of the relationship 
The transition compensation from the military from the abuse I endured by my husband, it allowed me to move and have a roof over my head as well as medical insurance less stress in that area 
The close knit friends who I do keep close to me. 
gorgeous sunny deck with door wide open into my office 
photo box -- includes photos of family members long gone, photos from my childhood onward, documenting my whole life, both of which I think I will want to have as I get older, and both of which I'd like to honor in a photo project of some sort. 
my family and friends 
GOD has given me so many things but I never taken that things.I am greatful b/c I had a good job 
A friend contacted me for guidance about her recent break up. 
Christine was nice. 
my life, my health, being able to take care of my two kids. 
gemma made me laugh 
My husband was in a good mood this morning; he usually complains about his job. 
Alex enjoyed his day at Sound to Sea Camp. 
good coffee chat with co-workers 
VERY grateful for my incredible husband, Michael. 
family and friends 
Erica called and told a story that made me crack up at a time when I really needed a good laugh. 
Mark - he helps me with whatever I need done. 
ezer eurós lakásokat nézegettem és nem álmodozásból 
Gary's care 
Amelia did her singing audition after all 
my car still runs 
Supportive husband 
Getting along with Matt today. 
La comida de mi madre 
My Daughter 
My Dad bought me a car some years back, and its awesome. 
have ahome. 
The first thing I was that I woke up this morning. 
The first thing I'm most grateful for are my girls 
Health 
my family that I can talk with, and also that they can make me laugh 
mia; i really wanted to see an improvement in my skin, so got this which was not too cheap, but it is a good purchase 
His kindness. 
spent some time with fiancé before work. 
Finance had to have heart stint a few yrs back, really scary, once I educated myself on what was needed for his recovery plan I also joined in on the weight loss a exercise program. 
was acknowledge as a pro photographer. 
the flexibility that I have in getting to work late. 
my students. 
the first thing I'm grateful for is having a hard working mother that tries her hardest to provide everything we need 
Repurposed Antique Side Table 
My Daughter hugging me and making me laugh. 
to be born with an amazing voice and ability to sing. 
felt semi accomplished 
Clothes--enjoy, but not fully appreciate 
my husband's support in household chores 
Talked with my friends and enjoyed. 
very much grateful to have my good parents who is fully loving and caring 
kept myself far from mind wandering.. 
When I left work yesterday, the sun was shining and the nearby mountain was covered in lush green forest. 
Brent thinking of me re Bali trip, tim tams, feeding the dogs 
have a job - i struggled to find a job after graduating from varsity , for about 2 years. 
completed a full hour on the elliptical machine this morning. 
made my Officer First Class Promotion the first six months I was there. 
my health 
attendeding the manager training wellness program 
my friend Sara who never seems to let go of me, even if I mess up a lot. 
My intelligence 
Ruby 
my fun kids- they make me happy (most of the time) and I love when they are bouncing around the house being themselves. 
1. 
I have my health and my family. 
wife cleaning 
a husband that provides for us. 
I have my best friend. 
my support system. 
Enough to eat 
My grandkids 
Mum cook us a yummy dinner!! 
have a great ability to draw portraits, I'm very creative. 
My sister 
My good friend Maria told how beautiful she thinks I am. 
had a really bad friend. 
get a little tense around rowdy children and the two kids that went camping with us are a little 'rough and tumble.' 
my job, I know a few people out there looking. 
A woman I work with, a very quiet, very sweet woman, made me laugh harder than usual today. 
I have friends who care about me. 
Just Fab shoes: I love fashion and beauty, so naturally I was exalted to add to my wardrobe something that would help me feel beautiful. 
griffin- he is willing to stop everything to make sure i am okay, he is willing to change everything for me. 
Chocolate! 
health 
woke up. 
Knowing I had another weeks vacation 
foodfashionhome 
Havent bought any items been out to eat a lot no 
having my grandchildren so close to me. 
I have my physical health and am ableto do anything I want. 
my Friday nights all by myself. 
Got promoted to LB today 
MY CHILDREN 
My girlfriend loves me very much 
The first thing I am grateful for is my family, friends and the relationships that I have been a part of 
working with Yonas and that he trusts me. 
Having Juan's love and support. 
Spending time with a girl friend who I worked with 3 years ago in Dublin and who moved here to California last year. 
Marianne was there for me when I was living together with an alcoholic who denied he had a problem. 
My husband; he's the person I always dreamed of being with and so much more. 
the ability to take action when people need my help. 
My family. 
My Partner and our relationship. 
health, happy, i enjoy mylife 
grateful.. that I had a great conversation with Christian earlier 
my husband and son 
ability to go for a walk in the sunny day 
having my son and seeing him in the morning when I wake up. 
a day with the kids 
youtube video that friend sent me that cheered me up 
the time spent with and caring attitude of my son 
Today I woke up and went to work. 
My mom. 
starting to be healthy agian 
cuddled my kitty first thing in the morning. 
spending time with leslie 
les spending time with me 
New vibram five-fingers - haven't even tried them on yet, though I was really excited about my first pair. 
my son 
To have a faithful understanding companion. 
Watch, I feel that I wasted my money , and I now feel angry 
My healthy baby 
To be able to spend quality time with my 2 children everyday. 
cigarettes 
I have loved one around me 
A bag 
I like in a hotel apartment which means that the cleaning gets done twice a week. 
A beautiful garden and the sun shining today 
1. 
Colored Contacts 
to have good health. 
Wonderful family: husband, son, daughter-in-law, 4 precious granddaughters 
family 
family 
have a younger sister 
encouragement to continue study 
Happy for family 
My health 
Gave an excellent presentation with heaps of interaction to my work colleagues. 
Designer purse 
Family 
1. 
1. 
riding my bike with Jim 
I am a wonderful job with excellent co-workers and bosses. 
Living in Florida 
1. 
having a friend that is also HSP 
still have friends that listen to me and try their hardest to be patient with my impossible ways at present. 
my future career in nursing. 
My son. 
Nice Weather 
My wonderful wife who is a great mother to my son 
Loving husband 
just about to retire, so I won't have to deal with the enormous stresses that come along with work, even though I've enjoyed my career. 
my softball team and them not hating me because I can't control my anger. 
especially thankful for my parents, and I love them very much. 
My fiance, he is amazing... 
I am able to edit photos the whole day with no interruptions. 
Working with kids 
a text from a friend 
coping well with the heatwave 
My health 
My boy hooked me up with some free equipment 
first for the gift of life,am grateful that every year i have cause to give thanks to God for achieving something for the year. 
My childrens Happiness. 
the sun 
Floor Mats for my new car - made me feel great because I don't want my carpet dirty in my car. 
Being asked to lunch with the "girls". 
Listens when I really need someone there 
Seamstress making my new slacks 
Family 
Perfume 
having my own bedroom finally. 
Got some decent sleep. 
i wake up every morning and can open my eyes and able to walk..I'm grateful for my kids 
My children 
My friend, S., seemed genuinely glad to see me. 
my son. 
having a husband who makes enough to pay the bills. 
my friend who texts me nearly every day. 
health 
Good Food 
Having travelled and experienced new cultures. 
Car - I needed to either fix my jeep or get a new vehicle and so I bought a brand new car. 
my health as I see many people on a daily basis fighting to maintain or fix their own health. 
The weather got warmer out outside. 
Our health as a family 
vacation trip to kk! 
My Family 
the life of my family and I. 
my family 
fg gfb g 
The delicious meals cooked by my parents. 
My relationship 
the people in the training group. 
all the lessons my dog has taught me 
jim being understanding 
TreadmilliPadTanning 
That Dave is supportive of anything I want to do. 
Dealt with getting Julia out of Western Illinois and moved back home. 
Invited to a friend's house for tea 
to get support from my co worker with a project 
family is always there for me even when im acting like a bitch 
my one year old beautiful daughter. 
labtop 
I have a really lovely boyfriend. 
more confident in my relationship 
He accepts me for my good and bad qualities! 
Having a good job with good benefits 
ipod 
My husband is very hard working and caring 
#1- I am thankful for all my family members and that they are healthy. 
don't have to worry about not working or not having a job where I could get money for my daily needs 
a home to live in with all of my beautiful flower gardens to work, weed, and enjoy. 
seeing my family live healthy and happy 
I do not have to go into an office. 
have great friends who appreciate me and look out for me and listen to me. 
my Bernie Cat -- he's the best boyfriend a girl could wish for! 
found a table easily at the coffee shop this morning. 
have a wife who loves me very much. 
getting things cleared out 
Pamela. 
My children who constantly make me laugh, who amaze me all the time and whose eyes shine into mine when we smile together 
my friends 
Waking up with my dogs. 
A great nights sleep. 
Clothing. 
Thanks for today, i saw my result, setidaknya meningkat dari hasil sebelumnya 
to have a loving brother and sister. 
Michelle gave me $500 
Good friends 
a supportive family. 
still Alive 
enough money to get by easily. 
A friend texted me and asked me how I was doing. 
my creativity 
I have 4 awesome letters of recommendation 
how caring and loving Tom is 
my family. 
Supportive Friends/family 
he cut the grass like he said he would 
My health 
the 2 sweet little kitties that are waiting for me whenever I get home. 
don't get happy from buying things like this 
Christ dying for me and for the love of God 
my children are happy and healthy. 
my family, friends and boyfriend. 
spent time with aunties and cousins at the beach 
My kids health 
Job, 
three cute cats 
passed my exam 
wrote a positive status update on a social network which was liked by others. 
Paying rent - moved in with family member 
walked and supported my weight on my sprained ankle without having any pain. 
Reconnected with friends new and old on FB. 
to be able to attend college, 
got (almost) three cases closed today and a fourth is half way done. 
My mommy 
my life cause that some people or kids don't have that. 
I have a comfortable home even tho i rent 
Black Shoes - comfortable, useful 
Steve 
The view from the window. 
Patio furniture made me happy to have deck look nice 
very good at singing..i have very nice voice 
Family 
helped my parents 
My mother is the best gift I have 
having a loving family 
My examination was easier yesterday 
the peace in my home. 
food and coffee 
to god for helping me always. 
My girlfriend left me 
Office work 
So thankful for the clean, orderly environment I've created. 
1. 
Gratitude that i have the desire to improve myself and am self aware 
That my boyfriend came up on Friday 
As soon as I logged on Facebook this am, Darin starting talking to me...he admitted he still likes me. 
the field trips that the girls and i take 
Aslan's flea problem is under control 
Family 
My family, friends and church family who always love and support me in all that I do. 
Hair dye 
I have a cheap living situation that also allows me to run my business out of my home. 
flowers 
a friend sent a joke to me 
don't have to worry about a job I have two of them 
My family. 
Ik vind het fijn dat er een begin is gemaakt met dat het schoner is in huis. 
quiet space 
Breakdown of first marriage- lots and lots of walks to enable me to think and get rid of pent up emotion. 
My friend E who phoned me yesterday to see how I was. 
My cat Hobbes. 
1. 
My family specially my mam . 
My children. 
Smartphone 
Consistency 
New dress 
David didn't have to work on his birthday and that I could take him to see a show that he wanted to see 
I got out of work before 8pm. 
the chance to go out to meals every week with my friends and have great conversation. 
Made it on time to work 
Flat screen tv,. 
My family and our growing attempt to stay connected despite long distances. 
I have a wonderful home that I am very comfortable in. 
Even though my wife and I are looking at a divorce, she still does not turn her back on me. 
my hair done - cut & color 
great for having a loving mother and brothers 
Claire is developing social connections. 
having the friends i have 
My dad talking to me and encouraging me. 
my family. 
My laugh. 
we have all our basic needs met - food, electricity, water. 
Thankful for Jim helping out with the kids especially when I need to sleep. 
friends 
being with my family everyday seeing them... 
I am alive in good health. 
Gratefull for my brother taking me to work sometimes 
balcony 
my good rise in optimism and good health. 
woke up in a nice bed to birds chirping. 
Met new people 
healthy and strong enough to do BJJ and wrestle 
Life 
I woke up this morning. 
Looking forward to what today has to offer. 
would be so exciting to be going to Hawaii. 
family 
i have a wife that is my partner, friend and support, even when i am overly anxious and not fun to be around. 
2 pair of shoes and a new shirt 
have a very supportive and loving husband who inspires me to do and be the best person I can be. 
My husband, myself and my step-daughter are all healthy and well. 
got out for my walk this morning and completed it. 
my boyfriend and how helpful and supportive he is. 
family 
Estoy agradecida por la oportunidad de platicar con Javi e influenciar positivamente a Twitt2go. 
the talents, skills, and abilitys I'm givenIm grateful for friends, & aquaintences that acknowledge my worth. 
funny coworkers 
very grateful for my very caring family 
to live in an beautiful home with no worries about the basics. 
to have such a loving husband. 
finished my book 
Baking pie 
Family 
Attending church 
having a good safe place to live 
Invited away for the weekend with friends 
my mom birtday was yesterday and she got my gift i sent her in the mail it made me feel good knowing she appreciated the gift and had a good day 
Paid my car off! 
I have a healthy family, and that they live close to me. 
have hagar in the first floor i can go to her at anytime nd nt feel alone :) 
Rennie took time to have lunch and check in personally. 
Seeing the moon this morning! 
My kids show their affection to me openly and allow me to do the same. 
Stephen. 
My sweet husband 
Able to help a resident accomplish a goal 
Healthy Children 
my health. 
seem to be making friends with my new coworkers, and they seem happy for and appreciative of my help. 
My mom is cancer-free! 
I have a roof over my head that gives me a place to recuperate and relax after a long day of work. 
1. 
My boy friend texted me to check in and see how I was doing today. 
all the materials blessings available. 
Victoria Secret Lingerie - the items made me feel beautiful and i felt like a million dollars - they make me feel like a beautiful women who deserves the best so i dont have to dress in rags 
My family-I am very blessed to have a family unit with my husband, daughter Madison, and our pup Bella 
Food on the table 
I have a place where to live thanks to my parents. 
have somebody I can talk to who listens with their heart 
The decision to meet someone new 
have an amazing boyfriend that loves me. 
filled traralgon shifts easy. 
cleaning up spare room 
life. 
Having a spacious and quiet apartment 
my kids. 
everyone was up and happy this morning 
im alive 
wake up with good health 
A colleague asked me to join her at her business 
toms wedges heels 
DKNY WAtch. 
My home near the water and the beach 
my cash income 
cleaning up the office for myself 
my heatlth 
My Mobile Phone which i cannot stay without 
waking up in the morning and choosing what to have for breakfast 
Waking up to another sunny day and having a stunning view every day to wake up to 
I work in a busy Customer oriented environment. 
Our "Besties" group posted 3 funny Miley Cyrus parody videos that had me rolling on the floor laughing 
Being able to stay on top of the workload today and not start out behind. 
Truthfulness. 
tat m having a good food and shelter 
my god 
I am healthy enough to do yoga every day. 
The first thing I'm grateful for is my family. 
i had tht i would be more happy in life 
my children and how unconditionally they love me. 
The dogs were happy this morning and behaved so well. 
the love I get from Dennis. 
Reconnecting with Blair 
My Kids 
my home and pets. 
my kitchen 
My kids 
RAquel 
My back patio: a place I can grow a garden and relax in 
My husband 
to be alive! 
Dave let me know he made it safely to his hotel. 
having my children back in my life 
hot rollers: excited, and used them as soon as I got home and for a few days afterwards...I'd wanted them for a couple years. 
My Family 
Guess Jeanswhy?-brand-status, on saleIf someone took them away, it wouldn't bother me. 
Downtime from work 
my mom and son moving in with me after my husband passed 
my family and pets. 
alive 
Holland, and our morning together 
doing classes self defense again getting back in shape. 
A friend telling me even though I've made mistakes, I'm a good mom and thinks I'm awesome for doing the best thing for my daughter 
electronic ciggarette 
Waking Up This Morning 
my friends call and text me and get back to me right away for the most part. 
having to move from GreenBay,Wis. 
The fresh farmer's stand apricot that I am eating 
have a roof over my head 
my family and their love for me 
daughter opened up to me 
Kids are healthy 
Healthy family 
E was up and ready to go and not late for his interview and ride a long today. 
My family. 
My family 
I was able to eat yummy left over that Brian made us for dinner yesterday. 
husband 
my husband 
my healthy children and husband. 
have 5 wonderful children 
was grateful for being able to seek some shade under a tree with colleagues from my placement today and enjoy some uplifting conversation. 
tv. gives so much pleasure. 
Husband and children 
Hannah was home for a visit. 
He made dinner for both of us and ate dinner with me. 
He made dinner and ate with me. 
1. 
Rachel went skiing with me and we went out to dinner together. 
was asked to apply for a job and I submitted my application. 
my health 
time to relax . 
New comforter set for my bed... 
Adam 
my awesome apartment in Brooklyn 
my coworkers. 
Bill approved my leave slips. 
1. 
my husband that he is home and I get to spend time with him. 
this beautiful day 
Happy Healthy Daughter 
Grateful for everything I have and have experienced in my life. 
Tina checks on me and is very patient when I have several challenges at once, a good listening ear and balanced perspective. 
I live close to my work. 
My Children 
My neighbor brought over a pie. 
Listening to my mother read aloud from a book by one of our favourite authors. 
Craig. 
All the check outs were gone early. 
My children happiness, Dustin going to law school, Gabby getting her real state license but the most importante Ashley staying at home with Bella 
did barbell bicep curls at 45 lbs. 
having good friends. 
1. 
My talents and skills God has graced me with 
the man in my life and his family, for accepting me completely. 
my family 
The frog living in my kitchen and bathroom is cute! 
lunch wlth A 
friends 
coming home to my husband and sharing in the cooking and clean-up 
Bruce 
enjoyed a good conversation 
My 4 dogs are happy and healthy. 
The amazing people in my life: my son, my boyfriend and my friends 
over my head/ Bed 
Grateful to be meeting my friends tonight for a dinner and catch up 
the stressful relationship I was in 5 months ago is completely over! 
1. 
Seeing my niece 
Air Conditioned bedroom 
My daughter said "Love you Mommy" and gave me a big hug. 
Chelle sent me a very funny YouTube video which really boosted my spirits. 
drove home in a heat lightning storm in my convertible. 
A husband who isn't a clean freak 
having a home 
settling for bad relationships 
Having a home to go to. 
Remaining calm when some of my clients are acting out. 
Katherine Phillips took a lunch and logged off at a decent time and thanked me for checking on her. 
having a healthy body that allows me to do yoga the way I do 
have no contract with anybody today 
having a good job with good money 
my children 
healthy and i have a family that loves me 
My almost boyfriend came over 
ja 
My 3 healthy beautiful boys 
My amazing children and husband 
had all the things I needed to complete some chores 
think I would buy some paint for my house and hire someone to paint. 
socks for the boys 
Spent time with Ron. 
Nasty co-workers/bosses 
to have Amanda tell me that I make a positive difference her life as her friend. 
My daughter sent me kudos for work well done. 
How well aiden acts when he is playing by himself 
safe and secure 
car wreck 
my family 
get yelled at. 
was on time for work. 
My boyfriend, He is giving and kind and hard working. 
My family 
income 
SAS Shoes 
flexible hours/not punching a clock 
The cute boy at work is into me. 
to have a job at a stable growing company with job security 
My family, here and in california 
losing weight 
seafood. 
Canned Cherry Pie filling for the 1st time and it turned out great! 
My kids- without them i wouldn't be who i am today. 
Truck: productive, capable, excited, trusted, confidant 
to the Lord for Noah's tumor shrinking some. 
A place to live. 
Family who love me, even though I can be very difficult and anxious at times. 
children 
have a job 
My family and I are all healthy 
My husband. 
My mother's thoughts about me. 
My husband. 
My supportive husband. 
My husband kissing me good morning when I first woke up. 
My husband let me sleep in on Saturday and made breakfast for our daughters. 
Getting to sleep in which helped me get over my cold. 
found a diabetic friendly recipe for cherry cheesecake for my husband and I made it for him as a surprise and a thank you for all the things he does and for just being such a wonderful husband. 
had a relaxing day 
Thankful for God looking over me and my family. 
a friend who offered current possible needs without pause or questions. 
My kids as they keep me positive to keep living my life as any parent would we live for our kids more than ourselves but now I am starting to live for myself more and more each passing day. 
my husband 
feel grateful to be alive, and that I will see my neurologist Monday, who I hope will reinstate my driving (had seizures due to high fever). 
The time to clean the front room. 
Jody & Matt's healing of their relationship 
have a job 
My FAMILY 
HAVING A JOB TO PAY BILLS & AND TO HAVE MONEY TO DO THINGS 
Kathy surprised me with penguin post-its! 
all the nice things Tony does for me around the house. 
a friend called to share good news with me. 
brought money in today 
new shoes 
my family -still connected to my parents and brother and my cousins and aunts and uncles who support me emotionally & help me have fun 
Not much happened past 2 days, but the weather was cooler which is a huge relief, makes things more tolerable. 
I have a father who is actively trying to cope with life changes. 
was able to see my grandchildren today when I babysat for them and picked them up from daycare.I enjoy seeing them and helping their family. 
My Family 
time to chat with Amiel alone, when we went to get his haircut. 
My IPad made me feel like I didn't need any other computer. 
my family. 
Excited to finally enter the smartphone age! 
Mannyx is home after being away for six weeks 
New jeans 
The love between my kids and me. 
1. 
Mike 
My dogs. 
my rabbits 
can speak freely with Zack about my health concerns -- if he thinks I'm totally paranoid he's never said so. 
made it on time to work 
Car 
My husband 
Sugar Gliders, Sweet on Paris Discontinued LotionOrange exercise ball 
My skinny body 
my boyfriend spent the day with me, until he went to sat good bye at the airport 
my mom 
My Brother 
my children. 
Friends. 
Babysitter fixing dinner 
My family 
my husband Raymond 
My house. 
Very happy upon buying the piano keyboard. 
Finding out the truth about someone. 
my family and my home. 
someone smile at me 
got to work from home because I wasn't feeling well and had a really nice day with my dogs 
Shoes: I would care because they're a necessity 
working with the special students. 
Chevy Silverado - i can drive to the track with my dirt bike. 
Our sailing adventures 
My job- I'm so grateful for this job that it gives me the experience to gain more opportunities. 
the food and beverages my company provides for us, especially the oatmeal, coffee, and banana I had today. 
Went for a run 
CD 
My son had his last day of primary school. 
My sister mentioned my birthday present 
to live on a farm with land. 
have a good jobmy job quite relaxed and santai and the payment is pretty good compared to the workload and time i spent 
have got 3 weeks off 
Faith 
so grateful for my children, they are my world. 
My children who are wonderful to be around 
my health 
Taking Luke to camp. 
Daily contact with Monica. 
The mice have left 
My loving and supportive family & friends 
Healthy, happy children 
having wonderful kids 
health, nature, dogs, family, love and creative expression 
Handling friends in distress~ 
air conditioning 
safe and have all the material needs . 
my daughter and the beautiful progress she is making. 
my dog, Basil is allowed to live in our apartment with us. 
my daughter helping me at home. 
living in a beautiful home that feels like my personal sanctuary. 
was grateful for the positive chats we had with colleagues regarding motivation and future plans. 
don't have to worry about being in an unhealthy relationship with my ex any more. 
my close knit family. 
special 
It was a sunny day 
Camera excited 
My Children- They are complete miracles- So many would give anything to have the gifts I've been blessed with. 
im frank 
my own space at home. 
tractor mower 
completed my 200HR Yoga Teacher Training 
My Health 
my family. 
Time to myself to do what I want when I want. 
my daughter and granddaughter are both heathy and happy 
My family, and pets. 
my ability to be able to help a few people when they are in distress 
Benny and Maddie greeting me when I come home 
Daily walks with family. 
No more toxic, bad relationships. 
My husband 
my west coast colleagues are enthusiastic & dedicated. 
My boyfriend has sent me two positive affirmations via text that were very touching and supportive 
have my own house and can do what i want when i want 
My Color Nook-It had sleek quality packaging, like Apple. 
spent the day at my house, where the kitchen is being remodeled, yesterday and had good energy the whole day. 
My Children 
An amazing husband who cares for me 
they accept me for what I am 
Nieces and nephew 
watched a good movie. 
can easily walk across the hall to see some of my friends in another office. 
Got to see a family in the audience that visits to see my show on a regular basis. 
Atleast until next May, I don't have to worry about not having a job or needing an income. 
passed a slight fender bender on my way to work- usually this causes terrible traffic but somehow there was no delay at all! 
Violet and I enjoyed the rain together. 
Alexa slept through the night. 
don't have to worry about moving. 
Violet has not had a meltdown. 
took the dogs on a lovely walk this morning. 
Pepper my dog. 
1. 
having my friends together for wedding dress shopping this weekend 
Elven ear cuff - I thought it would look pretty, but it was painful to wear and didn't fit right. 
Him 
Having a loving and supportive family 
My husband and son take care of the "household" while I am away at work 
a good job 
Having a job!!! 
A friend text me to ask if I'm okay, let me know she misses my social updates. 
My friend brought me his dehydrator, juicer and TV to use while he is going on a summer long adventure 
safe. 
doing a big favor for someone today 
Enjoyed lunch with a co-worker. 
My loving husband 
feel save with Vahagn home and enjoy spending our evenings together. 
Cricut Cake Machine - couldn't wait to start using it and create items - made me happy because it was gift from hubby something I always wanted. 
my family and friends. 
I still have a job although it's making me really unhappy. 
My husband always gives me kisses & love before he leaves for work in the morning. 
My son telling me not to be sad when some boys from his class were horrible to him, it made me cry, but, he said I'm not sad, so you don't have to be. 
My kids, food, shelter, family, friends, religion. 
lily is not sick. 
Lucy first day at doggie day care 
eternally grateful for Chris, who's such a sweet, thoughtful, intelligent, and respectable person. 
the fact that I can still eat, despite my problematic crown. 
my in-person book club. 
Scooter! 
Morning activities at work 
Took medicine on time 
Free food at work 
very grateful I got to go to Utah today and spend the day with my family. 
My son wants cuddles every day 
a few minutes outside in the cooler, beautiful weather with a hot cup of coffee 
My new dishes. 
1. 
i can be mostly honest with my parents. 
My Husband 
got to see an old friend one more time before I move to San Francisco 
two healthy young boys to take care of everyday. 
my sister how has always been there even when she hasn't known it. 
My baby boy! 
House – I would be so excited that I would be impatient to move in. 
my daughter who loves and cares about me and does what she can to share her life with me. 
1. 
1. 
My son 
My son 
being able to work for myself without worries about our home finances. 
Traralgon shifts were somewhat easier to cover. 
A quiet and comfortable sleep space. 
my plants got a lot of water 
my manager left me alone..didnt micro manage me 
nothing 
My job. 
My health. 
my working relationships/busting chops with my co-workers 
My Kindle and iPad - I enjoy reading and organizing things and making sure I always have something to do on it. 
the moment excited! 
My 13 year old Dog, Bear wagging her tail this morning excited to go with me to exercise class. 
my husband fixed the broken dryer finally 
a call from a friend I haven't spoken to in a long time. 
My friend Douglas. 
God 
have a wonderful family. 
The fact that I can paint 
My Hockey jersey collection. 
friend got money she needed 
take care of when i'm sick 
My husband 
my life 
my kids/grand kids 
having such a wonderful boyfriend 
My dog 
most grateful for my children and animals. 
was able to step back and take a breath when I was frustrated with my kids. 
White Racer Tank 
Safe, secure, like I finally have a home , with a family that loves and cares for me. 
was .grateful 
Birthday present 
Having someone to talk too about things that are happening in the world. 
Moving from my house to my moms house. 
motorcycle 
1. 
My renter agreed to move out early and pay her electric bill. 
Always there to listen! 
shoes 
Calls were not too bad 
laptop 
1. 
Daughter texting me about the elk hunt 
don't have to worry about bouts of anger. 
Getting a ride from my daughter 
My new puppy sleeping through the night and waking up to his sweet face. 
accomplished several of my daily goals. 
Hale always takes naps with me 
the air conditioning and the water to help me stay cool in the summer heat. 
Buying a toaster oven or a five bedroom home is the same feeling to me. 
First off, I don't like this program. 
dinner 
My kids 
Mom bringing food 
Car, watch, iphone 
having a boyfriend that takes care of me. 
Kids 
know despite of all the burdens i am facing i still have lot of thing to thank of. 
my family- I am grateful for having them in my life for despite of my imperfections they were still there for me no matter what. 
my husband. 
My children 
Watched a movie with my son 
Cam 
My sister 
my supervisor was accomodating and sympathetic to my condition 
Comida 
Grateful for my daughter. 
Got some rest during the day today. 
Having another day in my life and most of all having my family happy 
New work clothes/shoes. 
Family 
the company of my mother today. 
support 
My life - God gives me form and being and let me experience to be part of his creation, mingle with them and learn from them as well. 
having my office 10 minutes away from home 
My health, I have a strong body and I'm very grateful for being healthy :) 
was able to come to work on-time. 
My wonderful family. 
make me work better and more achievements 
My mom let me and my brother sleep in slightly. 
The crane is starting to walk without assistance! 
the jokes that went on throughout the day today; and the fact that I made some. 
do not have to worry about money for the first time in a long while. 
Even though the car wouldn't start, I didn't have a meltdown and I got through it without making it into a major drama. 
My close family as there always there for me even though i dont talk about things like my moods etc with them as its hard to talk about things 
Played farm game. 
having a friend in my life, we share all our experiences together, we laugh we compliment each other and keep each other going when time are tough. 
Rene did a winter check on the car for me. 
Rene, he took me out to supper last night, nothing special, but I told him I'm tired of cooking all the time. 
Yesterday I found that my exercise routine is getting easier to fit into my time. 
I am a very creative person. 
a fish fry dinner that me and my friends enjoyed together. 
the people I love and my animals that love unconditionally. 
My 6S project is going smooth! 
greatfull to have beautifull friends close to me 
Finding a solution to my e-reimbursement. 
My family is healthy 
greatfull for my two amazing daugters. 
Hair brush 
My body, being so healthy to be able to do so much in the gym. 
GameBagDress 
my fabulous son. 
made the first step in applying to the company I am interested in. 
I earn enough money to have a roof over my head, food on the table, and still have some left over for doing fun stuff 
I went to visit my grandparents today. 
Hiking pack 
I just have a good job 
my boyfriend. 
have a lovely home filled with two good-hearted people and an unconditionally loving dog. 
My family 
Iam grateful for having my own place which is cool and relaxing where i can come and go as i please and have my dog over when i can. 
When I walked down the corridor everyone smiled at me and I realised most of them I knew and were my friends. 
Went for pints with old friends 
my mom. 
expensive suit : my friend had it 
the house I have in this city 
Brad 
Brandon not showing up 
Visiting with Rae 
This lovely little house. 
Jennifer invited me out for a walk with Sally and Bella. 
The opportunity to work from home and avoid the daily grind! 
My loving husband Ray and our supportive and wonderful friends 
Mom is so helpful, scraping me off the ceiling when I lose it, and working to help me accomplish my dreams. 
The nice taxi driver on my way to work. 
Quiet and productivity. 
very greatful this day for my visit to my college 
my children 
made a lot of progress on my current project. 
A good relationship with my mommy. 
Overhearing boys playing together and screaming with laughter. 
The art on the walls - by no means anything expensive - but it's original, it's painted by me or my friends, or my children, and no insurance money could replace it. 
A client that felt that I had helped them with the session that day 
the love of Lilly 
Today the kids that am teaching as a part time job had so much fun while class and we joked around a lot. 
A sweet roommate who I get along with well and relate to 
My living situation was difficult! 
the weather has improved 
paddleboard 
peas in the garden 
Today, I am grateful for Tanya at the regional office. 
The "Dont stress over work" "I love you" text that Eli sent me this morning 
of my parents house 
Getting out of the house in time to get to the office around 10am. 
It was a beautiful day, so I was able to walk my dogs for about 45 minutes. 
healthy, happy kids 
was able to get a new phone because I broke mine over something so silly. 
Coming home to a beautiful, warm apartment, and being able to have shelter and a safe space for myself. 
New console. 
turtle 
Bike 
My boyfriend and I started a new game of Civ 5 last night, and I am currently in 2nd place! 
When my son is sweet and wants to spend quality time with me - not on his ipad or watching tv 
John and friends and family members being sick. 
the love of my life. 
my family who love me 
going back to school 
He brought me coffee to work after his 24 hour shift 
talking with jackie on the elevator. 
our resort like home 
Nothing 
came to me in her time of need 
Birthstone Ring. 
I had a wonderful husband who loved me with all his heart. 
The grace of God 
Lillian's blunt honesty about her feelings, even when it's overwhelming 
When I was depressed being pregnat with Lillian, I isolated myself and quit talking to everyone I knew. 
my children, sister, mom and dad 
John did some dishes. 
my life with husband dennis. 
My three beautiful children: Jade, Mateo, and Grayson. 
my children 
Tennis shoesNew shortsNew curtains 
Woke up with less pain 
my salvation in Jesus Christ. 
joe's help--immense 
my back feels better 
man held the door to Home Goods or Marshalls 
A house to live in. 
My children 
My nephew Bryce 
doing a job I love! 
so excited for this trip to England! 
being healthy 
spending quality time with my kids 
My kids, my husband, my home, job, car, etc. 
My mother was willing and able to help me during my recovery from surgery. 
to be in a relationship with someone who loves me. 
to have a roof on my head 
The people in my life that care 
My loving and supportive family and friends, especially my husband. 
GodG 
My two daughters and husband 
so grateful I have a beautiful warm cozy place to live. 
Keshava insisted on getting together with me soon (i.e. 
make-up haul - I thought because they would make me prettier, that would make me happier. 
My amazing boyfriend and his ongoing support and understanding. 
Having Jann as my partner. 
1. 
Watching the transformation of our garden from chaos to order, from neglect to nurture and from a tiresome chore to pleasure. 
do not have to worry about a female psychopath who left behind her a trail of hurt,pain, debt and destruction. 
my house 
My Songwriting; Still being able to walk; Good doctors 
New clients 
Juliet and I reading Stargirl together 
the strength to get up on my own. 
i had no interruptions today to do what i needed to at home. 
music on my IPOD 
big story is done. 
having a child 
My amazing husband. 
my family:johnnie for unconditional love and support.my 
Working with Dr T 
My mothers visit today! 
The Dr. calling in Rx. 
a loving husband 
my friends in my life: they are people who see me as an asset yet they want to give me their energy too. 
My daughter is working and that makes her happy 
Michael and his love and patience for me 
don't have to worry about the rent or utilities being paid 
new ring 
went for a bike ride 
made a new friend today. 
thought my car had been stolen, but I told myself to be logical and I found it in the next parking lot over. 
my healthy family and a husband who helps me in so many ways 
Waking up to my dog and husband 
Gabbey & michael love me 
pooltime 
my mother, and that I still have her in my life. 
Calming down a client and hearing them express their appreciation 
so grateful to have had the time, resources, drive, and ability to learn and grow in my jewelry-making skills. 
Coco and I had a nice afternoon together. 
Grateful that I forced myself to go to the gym. 
grandchildren 
Grace's Dad sent her back-to-school money with anyone asking him to do so. 
to have a job at all 
My AC works 
The kids fixed supper for themselves. 
my health 
My commute was better. 
My parents came home, so I'm no longer alone in the house! 
my husband comes home to me every night. 
My dog napping with me on the couch 
teachers, not only they are giving me an education, they are teaching me life lessons. 
remembered to return vacumm 
My child wanting snuggle time. 
enjoyed my breakfast sandwich 
kids 
The first thing I am happy for is 4 healthy, happy children, and 5 healthy, happy grandchildren. 
Had many customers today. 
don't have to worry about the "drama" of school. 
My spouse. 
I have a sweet little home in Rockport with a yard and two awesome dogs and a wicked cool cat. 
My townhouse 
actually grateful for the time away from home this week. 
home with air conditioning 
to have some time off to be able to make our home more harmonious 
having a house I love enough to get it cleaned up because I want it to look nice 
was very grateful that I made so many appointments 
Grateful for healthy kids 
rodger h has confidence n me teaching vbs 
My dog- he makes everything a lot less stressful and keeps my mom more calmhe gives me a reason to smile 
good food 
I have people who truly love and understand me. 
My backyard and trees 
I have a home 
my daughter doing her chores w/out being told 
my plasma t.v. 
my health 
was offered to teach three card four card class 
moshpit. 
Helping people - I get a great feeling helping people 
Able to spend the day with the whole family on a outting including the grandchildren. 
My Mom and Dad are visiting for a couple of weeks. 
SOMEONE ASKED HOW I WAS DOING 
having a temporary place to stay 
My health 
my family. 
have the job. 
I have helpful co-workers who like to collaborate when possible. 
We've just bought a house and we don't have to move anywhere else until/unless we want to. 
Went out for breakfast with a good friend 
the loving relationships I have, first with God, Roy, and reuniting with my mom. 
MY FAMILY 
got my son out of bed to attend church with me!The sermon was..."Count Your Blessings." 
my sister and her children moved in with me. 
God provides all of my needs 
That's a tough one...hummmI had a couple of sessions 
That Don can take care of the less enjoyable types of chores associated with having random farm animals such as putting them down when they are sick, injured or old. 
i have a home and food 
my dad.soumik,studies,looks, 
My grandkids 
my grandkids 
self confidence 
my beautiful, healthy, awesome daughter! 
The thunderstorm we enjoyed together 
My job 
getting my car fixed today & our backsplash installed 
Wetsuit. 
Harley Jacket 
that brock has infinite patience and love for me... he accepts me good AND bad and never makes me feel like i'm a problem. 
my parents and grandparents.I learn a lot from them.They give me freedom to take decision & tell accept result even though it may right or wrong. 
very lucky to have such brother and sister who understand and listen me!!!! 
Morning meeting was fun and filled with laughter. 
my sister let me do some laundry at her house so I didn't have to go to the laundromat. 
Television 
My daughter and how she has taught me about patience, unconditional love and humor. 
My husband is very attracted to me in spite of my health problems. 
my two daughters, they are my world. 
Markus 
My three, healthy, happy boys. 
My family 
so grateful that i was able to start washing a lot of dirty laundry that i had accumulated from my old apartment. 
cleaner 
finally found out that I get to keep my job! 
have a job. 
Nobody hates me at the moment. 
Dave didn't get mad about anything and basically broke up with me. 
my Vaishali CD that helped lift my spirits today. 
cleaned garage with andy 
ever grateful to God who has gifted me with a beautiful and righteous family. 
My Pedro, his dedicated love and support to me and his beaming gorgeous smile 
my kids 
Txting with Iain 
trainers 
TV 
New jobs available to make applications 
1. 
Nice roommates 
Being homeless 
my son and I communicate well, 16 is a tough age and I'm glad we can talk things out. 
Alison doing dishes 
Checking something off of my to-do list. 
Skirt 
a supportive and loving boyfriend who will always be there threw thick and thin. 
1. 
Interview 
We are well and alive. 
What people think about me. 
My son - his laugh, his smiles, the way he says truck - I am thankful to have such an amazing joy in my life 
cleaned my cub board,,:) 
My Car - I was happy I accomplished my goal and had the car of my dreams. 
Tom had put dinner in the oven. 
don't have to worry about my ganglion, it was removed and then came back, but it always goes away again. 
Today Tom and I had a really great meeting about our future prospects. 
got a kind message from a friend on facebook. 
the free lunch I get at work. 
good food 
have husband , job , child 
Kindle Paperwhite 
That my family is healthy. 
when my boyfriend and i aren't arguing 
My daughter Willow and how much I love her. 
to have a friends place to stay at temporarily while I seek a new home and job. 
Having seen my friend Mariana and my niece Laure and my Mum Nicole all together today. 
A co-worker did something for two other co-workers. 
My husband 
Case for my Kindle. 
to have both my sons with me. 
Having a nice home to come home to. 
Seeing Theresa at the farmer's market and talking about our love of healthy food. 
Car 
Aishwarya as a roommate. 
Great food. 
My husband, who is learning to let me be who I am... and to be who he is... and is willing to let me take my path wherever it may lead and still love me 
was able to communicate with Alvis about my bad mood and we didn't get into an argument because of it! 
Conversation with Tyesha 
Marc Jacobs Daisy Perfume- I love the way it makes me feel, elegant, cheerful, light and fluttery.... 
Laughing with Rowan. 
A pair of heels that I love -- they make my legs look great! 
would buy a beautiful home overlooking the ocean. 
My family 
my new home. 
Grateful that ALL of my children are healthy and smart and able to be successful in their own rights 
Grace 
Being in a stressful living situation with friends 
my future wife 
put my tooth 
my ability to come back strong from defeat 
shoes- had to have them. 
Having the money to buy a few things that we needed. 
my health 
called my mother-in-law to talk to her... and my husband called me just to talk :) for a minute 
Evan not crying when we came home from Kennywood yesterday. 
God sent McAuley into my life. 
Therapy was cancelled 
i even have a job 
Having the opportunity to participate in new drug trial 
marriage 
having a loving husband. 
Dad took me walking 
my grand daughter fixed my hair and makeup 
My daughter - even though she's 14 and difficult, she is smart, talented, beautiful and my reason for living. 
Dean & Alice put new tires on my car for me knowing I couldn't afford it and wanted my daughter and I to be safe. 
my dog, new washer and dryer 
my new apartment 
my family is healthy and happy and that i get to spend time with them. 
none 
Was happy to be able to go to Dorney park with the family 
That I'm alive. 
i have my god in my heart and that he will see me through. 
Being healthy 
feel wonderful today 
dont spend money on myself 
My wife's support and patience 
Son 
Magda asking me to go for a walk at lunch. 
Having a family that loves me 
Had a customer yesterday that appreciated the time I spent with her explaining different aspects of her service and how things work. 
beading supplies- gives me something to do. the thought I could make some spending money. 
my sister's doctor appointment went well & we managed to get some other errands done today. 
My children's happiness, my husband, my dog. 
I got to go to work this morning. 
i'm alive. 
My Admin completed the task that was requested of her by me for business 
The double rainbow after the storm on Tuesday afternoon. 
Grateful to God who loves me no matter what. 
the love of God. 
1. 
Good Health 
boyfriend-seemed to appreciate me more in the beginning...now he is somewhat cruel and if he was nicer i could be better too 
iphone- because you could do so much with it.laptop- 
My dogs 
life for there are many that did not see another, for my family and circle of friends, for my health and mental stability. 
Having a home, food, transportation, luxuries, health, family. 
I can walk 10 miles a day 
A good person who is helping me with my boy 
Seeing pictures of my baby enjoying his mini vacation with Gamma and Pa! 
Kieran, because he is supportive and loving and trying very hard to give me the things I need to be happy. 
My Dad working hard so that we all enjoy a very comfortable life. 
Financially stable 
A mother who prays for me. 
received a text with a photo from my spouse 
getting thru work safely 
dress 
my 2 precious children that GOD allowed me to have 
1. 
A new laptop for my husband since his other one didn't work. 
my husband is still alive. 
I have a roof over my head. 
1. 
My bills paid while I was unemployed for three months 
The sunshine. 
My family 
My husband 
My relationship with my ex-husband. 
My husband 
That my family and pups are healthy 
My Husband 
My friend's are never far away when I need a hand 
my family 
my daughter.she 
Kobo 
the times that my friends will just RANDOMLY tell me how much they love me and how awesome I am. 
have good friends who live with me and they are truly amazing. 
Orange sweater. 
I have a family who loves each other 
my family. 
I got the paperwork done for SNAP and talked to Mike about a potential job. 
Moving. 
my garden that everyone compliments me on 
Too complex for lots of details but the high overviews? 
Spent the day at the beach with the kids playing in the waves. 
Ten hour work days are over 
Loving family 
have two beautiful children that I am able to stay home and look after... 
Going to the gym 
1. 
Botas 
ipad case--very cute cheap and functional 
My parents and how much they support me. 
I have an eye for color and design 
1. 
1. 
So grateful that everyone in my home is healthy! 
family 
weedi enjoy the weed but dont smoke it too often because i dont want to continually be hungry. 
my children 
flat shoes 
felt happy today because i received a present from my uncle i got a dress and a perfume 
To be alive and somewhat healthy 
my self adopted mom called and is looking for a placefor me to live near her so I will have what I want most a family. 
Going for a walk early this morning with my wife was a nice way to start the day 
my job 
Had an opportunity with a client 
having had this summer to spend with my daughter. 
Living a comfortable life where all my basic needs like food, shelter, water, transport are all easily available to me. 
made a sale 
big warm Jon hugs - reminds me that I matter and am doing something right 
a visit from my friend Connie today 
One thing I don't have to worry about is debt. 
finally got around to e-mailing (tried calling a few times, no answer)a potential client about their e-commerce store set-up. 
Wonderful dogs and horses 
Lamb drinking for first time 
good tv. 
I have a roof over my head and no worries about where I will sleep at night. 
friends who wanted to speak with me 
Amanda is with me 
Roof over my head 
My brother, David. 
my family & friends. 
Grateful that I get to work from home 
TV volume is much lower for mom 
My bf has stayed to help me at my house with things I could not do as a result of my procedures. 
don't have to worry about my exes anymore. 
my family and friends.My bff. 
Encouragement from family. 
Avg good health of animal companions 
health of myself and my children 
John is with us today. 
Kris sent me a prayer, and let me know she was thinking about me. 
my children. 
Quiet times alone without people shouting. 
the health and well being of my family 
My husband greeted me with a smile when I overslept. 
Well behaved daughters 
my children. 
my health 
HAVE A LOVING FAMILY WHO CARE ABOUT ME 
Happy there was no yelling this morning getting the whole family ready for work and play and as a result was able to get to work early. 
My house and garden. 
remembered an important dream that gave me insight into my nature. 
Being able to survive as a single mom of two, being able to live in a nice place and afford the cost of living 
My Father.He has been supportive and Loves me. 
the fun time I spend with my husband and child. 
A friend who has being there for me and helped me through break ups 
My children 
a hard working staff 
My Domestic Partner and Wife to Be 
my wonderful husband 
my duaghter and how much love she shows me 
visit to sister place 
Morning coffee time and great conversation with my husband 
Husband kisses me goodbye when he leaves for work - even if that means while I'm still asleep. 
I have many friends that make my life fun and eventful. 
poolcleaner 
My children. 
Coming home to my Happy Dogs 
having a roof over my head 
to have Greg in my life. 
Took my daughter to the doctors this morning 
still have my sense of humor. 
My children are both graduating with honors and are able to live at home with me :) 
now have a fantastic satisfying job :D 
slept in today and my children ages 20 and 18 actually got themselves off to college on time without fighting Alhamdulillah! 
Wily west gang 
waited till Stacy got home to discuss bills and I spoke calmly when we were face to face 
I lost a bit of weight, thereby achieving a goal and turning around my recent gains. 
Grateful for me. 
the person I am becoming everyday. 
My hubby Bobby 
Black cat coming over today. 
a director of creative strategy when I have always wanted to be in this role as a little kid. 
I'm surrounded by children, dogs and cats. 
got to FaceTime with my mom today. 
Knowing another round of cuts were coming at work, but not when exactly — it was over a month of torture. 
I was able to take care of my baby cousin when everyone was out of the house for a while 
made my friend who was stressed out feel better!This felt really good because I let her talk out everything and I just listened! 
- A digital piano to create2- A digital camera to capture happy memories 
I have a job that helps me provide good food, shelter and clothing for my children 
made up after a fight 
My laptop - it made me happy because I bought it with my own money and I really wanted/needed a new one. 
The beautiful place that I live 
online clothing shopping 
even I am jobless I go by though it makes me be kind of stress. 
avery and I had a nice talk today.I'm grateful that Martha came home from the hospital. 
dress, cause i feel so good in it cause i finally look good in a dress 
My flat and the breeze 
Chance to have a long lie 
My family is healthy. 
The first thing I am grateful for is my dog Ashton. 
Family bonding 
My children. 
Our Lord and Savior 
waking up everyday to start over again 
most grateful for just being able to live another day. 
God 
it when my sister lets me just be me 
my daughter's sense of humour and the funny faces she makes 
to be living in such a beautiful condo. 
My husband worries about my recovery and my eating habits 
the heart melting smile and love I get from my new baby boy each day, all day, every day. he is such a positive happy little spirit that I am grateful I was blessed enought to be his mother. 
My YSL bag. 
My clothes 
people try very hard to help me 
My roommate makes me laugh and smile every day. 
My three kids. 
Today was such a beautiful day, the weather was just perfect. 
My house is neat and clean 
gratful for my coworker 
hugs from paige 
I was able to take a nap today. 
Ryan took on the bankruptcy review. 
Flat screen tv- my first big purchase on my own. 
JB being understanding and patient (and not making things worse for me) when I am insanely emotional. 
Custody court cases. 
My home 
have a wonderful family who are healthy; happy and whom I love. 
my friends. 
my parents 
i have a job that pays well and is secure. 
Jazmin and Lilie are playful today and having a good mood. 
I got some time to be creative and make a photo with creative graphics and text. 
my son 
My husband - he understands me so completely and accepts everything about me 
My husband 
Walking and talking with Nikki this morning 
Tara and Tilly 
my car - I felt freedom after I purchased it and felt like I had grown up. 
My family. 
Steady job 
everyone is basically healthy. 
my mother who called me today to ask how my daughter was. 
have been giving and receiving Love and Nurturing with my animals 
A stronger marriage 
New body board - I was excited about trying something new 
Having a good relationship with all family members 
the lunch we ate today, somewhere near a lake. 
My Lord and Savior 
very regular with my written affirmations. 
family vacationunderwear for kidscar insurance 
A dress 
a shirt 
Secretariats shirt - excitement with my childhood memories 
A peaceful - ish weekend 
My son threw his arms around me and kissed me - this display of unconditional love felt amazing 
My healthy son 
have a responsible husband. 
my two son who are healthy and wonderful! 
My sister sent me a message about how glad she is to have me as a sister. 
walking by a homeless man sleeping on the sidewalk I felt very grateful for my home. 
my family. 
A roof over my head 
Roof over my head 
Knowing that even though I'm away from my church home I still get information from them 
Getting a project done with the help of a co-worker. 
It snowed last night and our yard was so smooth and beautiful this morning. 
Time spent with daughter 
My computer 
my apartment and that I can afford to live alone. 
family 
Today a woman stopped to talk to me as I was reflecting on life. 
to have a job. 
Finding a soulmate 
The weather was beautiful today, which made me feel happy. 
meeting ahmed (rep) again 
my family 
The people in my life. 
New clothes for work- I was so happy to look sharp and business like 
Mummy love, for all the love that she has showered on us all these years. 
Family - Everyone's healthy and happy. 
alive 
e 
great family. 
Amazing, supportive boyfriend 
I get riding tips from tracy for free 
no longer in a stressful job 
a shirt 
Candy- I wanted it but knew I worried about the calories. 
the relationship i have with my dad. 
Today I am grateful for my home and my wonderful hubby and sons. 
It is so nice out today, i have all the windows open and a great breeze is coming through my apartment. 
1. 
Thank you so much for all the help I get from my husband. 
Being able to spend my days with Alice 
My perfect Grandbabies!! 
I don't have to go to work outside the home. 
There was not as much traffic this morning. 
healthy, my family is healthy and I know God loves me. 
I have a job in a profession that I love. 
Work went really smoothly today. 
saw my nephew. 
my children 
My walk in the morning 
My boys 
not to have to work my day job anymore. 
my husband, 
My dad supporting me financially through college and graduate school so I don't have student loans. 
Having a place to live with electricity, water, and plenty of food. 
the well-being and health of my unborn child. 
can have children - I am pregnant! 
an easier commute with district line 
Health of my family, about my mum 
we have 2 bedrooms at the end of the hall. 
the opportunities that our girls earn. 
Having Daniel by my side to help me and make me laugh! 
I have best friends 
a selfish boyfriend 
Being physically able to go for a run with my husband on the beach yesterday 
A roof over my head. 
have a loving husband who tenderly cares for me. 
extra person 
house, left spouse and am very confused 
paycheck 
my faith in God 
the sun is indeed shining 
To get home safe from work and the house was nice and cool 
Got Dinner made 
spending time with my kids makes me thankful 
My Grandson Lucas 
Jesus 
The faboosh makeup...i thought i would feel so much better with these brands. 
My water bill want be disconnected 
Sunshine 
My relation ship 
i can relax and get a little peace and queit from the hectic week from my grands 
pets to wake up to 
my family 
My cats, they make me smile everyday. 
was contacted by one of my dear friends from High School,I haven't seen for ages. 
Grateful to get more hours this week. 
Bad marriage 
The Chair I'm Sitting in 
A day off 
The good friends i have. 
eyeshawdow from QVC 
having a day to myself to rest and recover from my cold 
low stress day 
Yellow skinny jeans that I haven't worn yet 
have a strong relationship with my daughter. 
my grandchildren 
iPad 
my coworkers 
have health insurance thru my job! as a type 1 diabetic, this is very helpful :) 
ran into a young lady i used to work with (whom i miss very much) today :) 
my husband and all the wonderful things he does for me. 
Being able to get a new car so that we can go back to Ohio 
my clients trust & rely on me 
my kids 
Getting something done without interruption 
my family 
My granddaughter 
My pets 
my son 
My doghaving a roof over my headMy daughtersA good job' 
my husband 
Health 
was able to spend the weekend doing fun things with the boys: beach, movie, ice cream, circus, out to dinner 
Ron made dinner 
Getting to ride my bike all day and get all of errands and things I wanted to do done. 
Grateful for Alec, Evan and Dylam. 
having a family that I love and who loves me. 
my family. 
Grateful for my parents help, love, and support. 
accomplished small tasks 
Getting stuff for school 
My pool is finally blue again after trying so hard. 
Right now money. 
my sons! 
a place to live 
school- having jumped back to college at 49 years of age 
Thankful for Cory being with me during my colonoscopy 
My warm fuzzy cat 
Kerri 
was able to tell Eva, Charis, Jill, Magali, and my mother about my placement yesterday. 
the chance to spend quality time with the people I love and enjoy a football Sunday together. 
My Daughter 
It was steady but not busy 
got lots of housework done early so I could spend time with my son. 
my improved quality of life with the new combination of medicine I'm taking. 
a comfortable and relaxing home that is safe and cozy. 
Family 
life, family & my three wonderful kids and my loving grandson. 
Guitar 
Kindle Fire 
That Clara got to come to PTC 
waking up to a peaceful home and having favorite breakfast 
completed tasks 
My boyfriend cooking dinner 
My family 
Elise made really good hot wings for staff. 
Hugs and kisses from my nephew 
Yoga/palates class I actually showed up for! 
Phone 
to have income. 
my family 
Grateful client called to cancel. 
Having running water 
House repairs scheduled 
Roberta stopped 
I have a job that puts food on the table. 
Tim's flexibility 
got a good parking spot 
My kids and grandkids 
my home its a 1 bedroom but i am happy watching t.v. with my husband thankful for my dogs Shy and Bailey they are wonderful and make you laugh and i love laughing especially with my husband but i Need More of God In Me He knows i am Thankful !! 
MTH coming back into my life. 
really grateful for the joy I got from imagining what we could do with our yard. 
My son is doing so well. 
a husband who doesn't mind listening when I need to vent or de-stress. 
my daughter made me laugh 
Kids 
1. 
a second chance at life. 
home 
definitely admired by my TKD students. 
Overcoming a destructive relationship. 
I am respected for my professionalism and input during our team meeting this morning. 
My children. 
Pansy for the front porch. 
my family 
I have a job that I "went back to" today. 
beautifful wheter 
being able to go to school and help my parents 
having a roof over my head 
1. 
my cats who keep me entertained, give me love, and are beautiful to watch. 
My daughter is neurotypical and able-bodied. 
my husband bringing me food in bed when I don't feel well 
when my children offer to help out around the house without being asked. 
food at home 
Being able to do à lot by myself 
the bright sun 
very grateful to have my home. 
My husband coming home happy 
my mom 
found some money 
gid blessed me with my two boys. 
Being able to make positive changes 
Billy will start a new job. 
My mother was dying and my boyfriend left me at the same time. 
my son is of age to help me do things around the house 
Food 
my kids 
NB shoesDMB TicketVacuum 
to be alive today 
family and friends 
to be alive 
Not arguing with my hubby! 
To being alive, and have two amazing kids. 
A beautiful day. 
My children 
Loren and I talked on the phone for hours today 
husband 
My husband let me sleep in late today! 
roof over my head 
very thankful for my health! 
Jalayne called today. 
I still have my mom and am able to help her 
Thankful to be Healthy & Alive, For My Family, Having Food & Being able to eat. 
extremely grateful for 2 happy, healthy children! 
got to skip work today due to feeling sick 
A new friend from church prayed for me today. 
Peace of mind 
my children 
to still have my dog, and her puppy. 
A sunny cool day. 
mac picked up my cigs from the res today, now I don't have to drive out to get them this week. 
Recognition from friends on achieving a wonderful goal 
flat screen tv 
rent is paid 
my mother, she is ill and i take care of her on a daily basis. 
My boss told me that I am looking at a promotion. 
my cousin for listening to my ideas 
My family is healthy and happy 
my mom 
My children made me smile 
My family helped with depression 
daughter 
My hubby 
most grateful for my husband, Andrew. 
WE HAVE A HOME 
Someone at church made an effort to help us find seating. 
I am so deeply grateful for my delicious, Magique Loverboy! 
My daughter, who I feel I am nothing without her 
I have my Mom and my family and we are all healthy. 
computer 
Katy made dinner for me. 
i got the house clean today 
Both I and my daughter woke up this morning 
That Ken is still talking to me. 
family support 
My family 
My daughter and her progress as she develops 
my house the grand kids 
i have a healthy and loving family 
was able to help my friend who needed a bathing suit. 
actually got up when the alarm went off.I usually sleep in and am late to everything! 
My family 
Tmo invite to beach 
my health and waking up in the morning. 
God loves me. 
I am a child of God. 
The 1st event that I handled well is when the doctor told my dad he had 2 weeks to live and me and my mother brought him home and took care of him. 
I woke up this morning. 
The thing that makes me great is my belief in Jesus Christ. 
my daughter Taylor is picking up my son, Andrew tonight to take him to Salem to her new home for a few days and then camping with her and her boyfriend, Mike. 
X-ray department was not busy 
Cooking Skills to make great stuffed peppers 
my dogs, Dolly and Madison. 
Healthy family! 
Eddy and my sister's help in starting over. 
life 
my children2. 
my children 
the weather is cool enough to shut off my air conditioner today. 
Grateful Ralph (my boss) was receptive to hearing me out 
My two kind hearted adult children 
Ice tea: I liked ice tea already made. 
Tyrone and Diana and all their support 
the ability to walk, see, hear, taste, touch 
the food in my belly. 
My son 
new jeans 
The referral 
tablet: found it wasnt really for me then after giving it away found use for it and regret getting rid of it 
Being Alive 
The first cup of coffee in the morning 
1. 
We were able to get the filter fixed on the vacuum so tonight I will be thankful to have clean carpets. 
Fun times and memories made. 
waking to another beautiful day next to my wonderful husband. 
had a resident give me a hug 
My husband, though not perfect is perfect for me. 
My daughter, she is such a joy. 
my washer & drier work well. 
We laughed together on our way to work. 
Being able to get my home in order last night 
to be able to sleep at night with in a room with a door. 
I can work from home with fantastic people! 
It isn't that I don't appreciate them. 
My awesome clients 
My health 
my supportive friends and family 
I was able to catch a couple more hours of sleep after feeding the furkids at 6:00 a.m. 
My family 
God 
Scott and Ava 
My daughter called me this morning. 
don't have to worry about my children, because they are both married to great people. 
Slept-in yesterday at a nice hotel 
family 
son in the morning 
life 
I am going to participate in the trivia challenge this weekend with old friends. 
A supportive and loving husband. 
A unhealthy family dynamic, I chose to no longer accept the abuse. 
so grateful that I have a day off and no big plans to be somewhere, I can just let my day happen without having to hurry to someplace. 
the coworker I am working with is fun and makes me laugh and we are getting along well. 
Supportive 
One thing that makes my life great is music. 
I have a husband that provides and supports me while I was in school, and now that I am finding a job. 
My three children. 
The friends who congratulated me on winning #Nanowrimo 
to have a husband who comes home to me every night and is always there for me when I need him. 
to teach such nice students. 
my job - it's secure, generally fun, fulfilling and pays enough for me to live a good life. 
Proposal for a network. 
3 full hours of uninterrupted work flow! 
Compliment on my hat. 
My Children 
was grateful when Buddy and Bessie joined me outside in the sun and laid down. 
VegNews and the stress of the lawsuit and Joe and Colleen. 
Helped 8 kittens from the street. 
new turquoise shoes 
New books for myself - loved having a new book to read, reminded me of what I used to enjoy doing. 
Totoro toy 
My children 
even with a death in her family, my wife is still patient, loving, and kind with me and our daughter. 
The first thing that I don't have to worry about anymore is my future. 
My Wife 
Being able to work from home 
Being out of work for so long, I finally found a somewhat steady job working from home. 
Mortgage payment was made! 
My family, especially the close relationship I have with my siblings, cousin, and parents. 
Books. 
My husband has been pretty fabulous over the last few months, totally there for me and taking care of me. 
1. 
1. 
I have good relationships with my daughters where we can sit and actually chat about things. 
My boys are dealing with our lack of stability way better than I thought they would. 
My kids are sooooo much fun. 
LagosDad was home from work today - and things don't tend to run smoothly when he's around. 
V no longer has a pacifier. 
Sorting out all the pooja stuff. 
Dad dedicated his time to cook with me instead of doing his own work. 
my amazing husband. 
My loving wife thinking to bring me some lunch at work. 
I was able to go to the grocery store and buy food for my family. 
got up early and powered through a ton of important things like reading and meditation before my husband even woke up. 
my husband's ability to hand the household and our son so well (on his own) when I am not feeling well 
had a productive meeting - a rarity! 
Having Sandy come and visit 
Getting to spend time with my cats and give special care to my sick one. 
a supportive and caring boyfriend. 
I was able to spend quality time with my sister-in-law and daughter. 
a wonderful night sleep 
the friendship Carlos and I have 
My family: Los amo... Me enojo muy seguido porque son intensos. 
a lovely home 
Went to Lake Tahoe with friends. 
My friend Javier organizing an outdoor adventure. 
1. 
Nicole came over with a chocolate cake when Eric and I broke up. 
Less pressure/stress from job 
Star sent me a cute picture of Sofie. 
talked with some of my co-workers about what I might do when I return to America 
don't have a boyfriend any more so I don't have to worry about that. 
1. 
A friend looked for my advice and I feel I have helped 
Helping my country with the good use of budget 
It got a little bit cold, so the temperature is ok now, you won't die from the heat anymore. 
My desire to become a better person. 
knowing God and choosing HIm to be in and lead my life. 
1. 
Had a great walk to work in the beautiful sun and blue sky. 
my bf, he always there to support me and love me even though i am not perfect 
My friends 
Work went better than expected. 
Brave Girls Club. 
making up my beautiful bed everyday that I love 
my husband loving me and always trying to make me happy 
Got some time to work on my side project. 
My family woke me up so I wasn't late. 
don't have to worry about making my documentary anymore, even though I really enjoyed it! 
Livia has worked really hard on the blog design for Marked By Books, and it looks so wonderful! 
My history teacher complimented me on the points that I brought up during our discussion of Storm of Steel. 
It was raining today and my husband drove me to work today so I didn't have to deal with the traffic. 
Rea, who bends over backwards to help me even when I don't deserve it at times. 
I have smart healthy kids. 
Uninterrupted day alone. 
my puppy, Rue. 
Being in a bad relationship. 
My husband has been such a strong supporter of my attempts to live a happier, healthier life. 
My friend sent me a lovely email telling me how special I was, to pursue my dreams and how much she cares about me. 
an awesome location for a photo shooting session! 
The entrance auditions of the Mozarteum:-) wow, this was really stressful... 
the chocolate flakes! 
music! 
My great family and that we're all healthy 
Stupid boyfriends. 
generally feel very content today. 
was able to take additional time to get a workout in and see my kids during lunch. 
A husband who provides for me 
My family - loving close to them and being able to visit them when I can 
Alegría 
My boyfriend said he would make my idea for date night work at all costs if it was really important to me. 
He is moving for me. 
my husband 
My mother is here and healthy 
Great chat with Silvana 
Flat Screen TV 
my healthy body. 
My husband said sorry 
I have a son. 
Good cooked food. 
Shoes and dresses. 
Yoga with Pat-- was as usual--very enjoyable. 
The opportunity for change every day by the choices I make. 
A COWORKER GAVE ME A MINT CHOCOLATES BECAUSE SHE KNEW I LIKED THEM ) 
got to see and hold enzo for 2 hours. 
My Religion ISLAM 
My brother brought me cool drink without my requesting him to. 
Children health and happiness. 
Prince being adorable 
Being alone 
Having my wonderful auntie teresa listen to my woes without judging me 
not having controlling inlaw's anymore making me feel worthless and that my opinions didn't matter 
reflecting about Sunday met my boyfriends brother for the first time - went smoothly, had fun. 
My boyfriend thanking me for making his dinner 
Playing with my cat. 
I have a husband and faith that keeps us working and sharing in our lives together. 
the love of my children and the relationship that I have with them. 
My daughter went out with her best friend who got incredibly drunk and my daughter stuck with her all evening and looked after her, then walked her safely home afterwards. 
My ex's best friend and his wife popped around with a big bag of home grown vegetables for me. 
My cousins wife and good friend bought around a rattan chest as a gift for me, she could've sold it and got some money but she decided to give it to me instead 
the roof over my head and that financially right now we're doing ok...not great but ok. 
to have been able to sleep in. 
My wife - she is tolerant and kind and supports me no matter what. 
my life, 
Sunshine 
my husband and my son at home 
Dan is home and working out of the office. 
My family 
was able to visit with my father 
Bamboo floorsFlat screen TVDress 
The desk Sarah arranged for me. 
communicate effectively 
My dad took me to lunch today. 
a roof over my head with food in the frig. 
to have two playful dogs that enjoy spending time with me. 
having a home 
Living in a great city 
A big one - no contractors in the house and none coming for the foreseeable future. 
Don't have a boss to answer to 
my husband, because no matter what he always loves me 
went walking with my daughters and we got wet in the rain 
eating dinner with my friend tonight and enjoying his conversation. 
sunny day. 
My family and my husband. 
people i have met in ly life 
A million thanks for this thing!!! How you can guess what I want so easy!!! I'll use it every day 
the first is my height and my metabolism. 
thought of starting an online jewelry selling company 
my health, that I am able to not only take care of myself but others as well. 
the all the extra time I've had now that I don't have a f/t job. 
feel completely confident in my position as a CPhT. 
My husband. 
1. 
my children are healthy, happy and love life 
Getting out to see live music. 
My girls are at camp and are happy. 
I could talk with a good friend about some of the problems I'm having. 
When I couldn't get out of bed for the last three weeks due to an unrelenting pain problem, my husband took care of the cooking, cleaning, etc. 
married to a great guy now; when I was 19, I married a man that was both physically and emotionally abusive!! 
I. I woke up without a lot of pain!! 
I've started work on a project I've been putting off for a long time. 
friends who visit from out of town and can see my happiness and appreciate it and me! 
went to a concert and being able to listen the guitars and appreciate the music I am grateful for my ability to listen and see. 
Thankful I have the opportunity to slowly and carefully look for employment rather thank taking something I don't want. 
My wife, is a wonderful woman 
prepared food when I come back from work 
My parents taking me to all my appointments today 
the friends that I have, the true ones that let me know their thinking about me even if they can't actually be there. 
recently divorced and relocated with my daughter in a nice apt. 
I have a great job & work with great people everyday 
Loving family 
worked out 
my cat, Iris, and her unconditional love and snuggles. 
i am alive and healthy 
my health 
Happy Home Life 
VERY GRATEFUL TO TALK TO MY MAN AND HAVE HIM LISTION 
determined to accomplish my goals big and small without placing to much pressure on myself. 
Very thankful to be able to spend the day with my family 
my garden that I was able to trim today! 
family 
my kids, they bring me joy and reason to live. 
I enjoy of good health... 
A new laptop 
My husband mowed the lawn today. 
being able to stay at home with jemima 
had a warm bed to retreat to after my workout kicked my butt (in a not so good way) 
My bosses like me 
no longer married 
Reports on Mom's health issues are becoming less frequent. 
My fabulous caring and fun daughter Erin : ) 
Loving family 
Weather was gorgeous for hike; 
My heat was fixed when I got home 
hUGS FROM dAVE 
A good conversation with my husband. 
Having my parents around 
1. 
Collegial and joyful colleagues 
to God that My parents are healthy and care about each others 
sunshine 
My daughter. 
my health 
completed a lot of the paperwork I needed to complete today (returns hunting) and can see that I've made a lot of progress. 
Dylan 
High base salary 
Having a home, it's certainly something to be thankful about. 
My parents, My friends, Car, House, Nice Room, Good Face 
my health 
Husband 
wrote them in my private journal. 
Mark is the most wonderful person in the world, and I'm so grateful to have him. 
that my mom wrote me an email 
My commute to work was actually faster than I anticipated and I got to work early 
Speaking to my mum today. 
my son sent me photos of my baby grandson. 
have parents,my uncle and aunty,a sister and good friends 
Unconditional love from family 
My Dad being so nice to me and supporting me. 
Black dress 
Calling bestie 
made it to yoga not on time but with no negative repercussions. 
My social work supervisor -- extremely responsive, available, expert, and supportive. 
Alive, relatively healthy, not poor, comfortable 
Smokes I'd be glad if someone would take them away so I don't know there in the cupboard and just won't have them. 
My wonderful supportive partner 
my health 
my daughters 
Benjamin. 
How she makes me laugh whenever we talk! 
Air in my lungs 
my BF sent me photos of her family and shared their activities (which sound like fun) with me. 
Invited people over for dinner and the salmon was rotten so we ordered dinner instead. 
One of my favorites is the positive energy and attitude most dogs project on a regular basis. 
spent time with family 
weekends spent together with my family 
having a healthy child 
The first thing I'm grateful for is my family and everything they have done for me even at times when I wasn't doing much for them. 
Tener una familia que me apoya y me ama en mis proyectos 
my house in the country. 
Sunshine 
have made a very big, and profound change in my social outlook this week. 
haven't bought any thing 
had a pleasant conversation about my great 2 year start in South Korea. 
truck- sense of freedom and empowered me to obtain work and go do the things i want when i want without having to rely on anyone else 
my parents. 
Ian offered to give me a ride to vegas. 
Wow...it's kinda hard...well I think my laptop not for the object, it's more for everything that I have in. 
my family 
spoke to my sister today 
Fridge/stove - Looked for months for these appliances and I am happy with my purchase. 
was able to make something yummy for family and neighbors and also my husband. 
have 2 loving children 
my kids 
have lots of space for my hobbies and physical activities. 
I woke up this morning 
My family 
Up and decided to have a good day. 
of a bad relationship...I did nothing but fight with my ex. 
Having a beautiful, peaceful, and safe place to rest and have fun. 
Constantly studying and working on essays for school. 
My children 
have good food to eat. 
do not have to report to anyone! 
to be making a great base pay. 
banjo 
beautiful mountain lake view, comfortable weather,peaceful home 
starting a Psychology degree distance learning - excited, but worrying about the amount of work involved, can I really do this!? 
Colin being there for me and being my biggest fan. 
Flat screen tv - I am greatful to be able to see the whole screen when watching a program. 
1. 
Thank you to my husband for a wonderful anniversary dinner. 
1. 
Flowers from Jess, Ange, and Deb 
TV this is the first big purchase we made as a family for our house little rental house.. Our first one also. 
Being alive: each day I wake up is a bonus, regardless of the chronic pain and limited mobility 
Daughters giggles 
my pets -- always so sweet to me 
took hours to clean up the kitchen last night coming back from work (even though she could have made me do it today). 
the apartment that I can call my own space. 
My 9 year old grandson. 
I have a wonderful daughter, I am very proud of her. 
C...He makes conversation really interesting, we debate about public and political issues, sports, and life issues... 
hit my quota 
salvaged a lot of food and made a bunch of recipes to feed my family 
Logan's ear problems have gone away and we were are able to swim together. 
my mom who loves me unconditionally and is always praying for me. 
got back into exercise last night 
my amazing children 
Alex's humour 
seeing my sons smile and face. 
Family 
I. I am grateful for my husband's companionship. 
My microwave makes things much easier, I don't have to spend extra time and money to heat a snack in the oven. 
My amazing husband 
was able to take care of my children and they are both happy, clean and healthy. 
Shoes made me feel good and sexy 
My boyfriend moved my car in the cold early morning instead of waking me up 
Healthy kids. 
Being brave for George for operation 
to have woken this morning 
My daughter came to visit with my grandson and we got to spend time together 
My son asked me to let him sit on my lap so he could give me a long hug. 
Episodes of Pneumonia with my son..he used to have a terrible time with his asthma and it's getting better. 
Clients who offered lots of support during tough times. 
The little moment of feeling connected to myself and my world. 
tv 
My son is improving 
My friends that are providing me with homes 
Moving to new city, not knowing anyone, kept going, made lots of friends 
Having Jay in my life, feeling protected with a roof over my head 
My run to the lake really brightened my day! 
That first phone call of the morning from my best friend. 
Being able to stay at home with my babies 
Michael 
My sons Sullivan and Finnigan 
My family,i am the luckiest on the earth in that matter 
Cleaning the kitchen 
Det fina sommarvädret. 
Mouse 
Reloading my Starbucks card. 
I have a career I love. 
This laptop! 
Macbook Air: it made me happy because I hadn't had a laptop for weeks, which was inconvenient. 
Grateful for my friendship with Rose. 
Making ends meet after Kevin moved out. 
Bitsy is ok. 
Solidifying a few small deals that were unexpected at work. 
Today I had 3 yummy meals 
very happy that the weather has been so nice these past few days. 
A Loving Mother... 
Parents that love me 
cat 
ahead of schedule on my renovation plans. 
To NK for agreeing to meet without so much as a second of hesitation and being there for me when I needed him the most. 
My coffee cup- A gift from my dad, whenever I drink my morning coffee I think of him with gratitude of having him in my life. 
To be honest, I'm in a moment of my life where I can't allow myself to buy expensive shit that I don't really need. 
spending the day with my daughter, 
My friend from my old job phoned to tell me what a great holiday she had. 
having spent time with my son and taking time to help him review for his first day of second grade. 
Time with Justin 
have a wonderful loving marriage. 
my dog Marly. 
my mom taking us to the movies for the kids to see smurfs 2 
family they are compassionate 
ComputerInternetPhone, bed, hot showers, food, clothing. 
Woman who spoke of spiritual things on TV. 
I learn a lot during my work. 
My family living in the same roof 
Goyard bag - I love this bag. 
My parents...my family in general 
my ability to help people, potentially make a difference in their life 
being healthy 
My morning soy latte. 
A happy email from a friend 
My health and time to workout. 
Being with my sons - I have three beautiful boys that I am deeply grateful for. 
have a better relationship with those in authority that I have had in the past. 
my family and friends 
Zina my beautiful, vivacious daughter 
the view from my balcony 
kjkjkjkj 
watch, dont need it 
told Jamie how I was feeling even though it was a very tough thing to do and I didn't do it by text 
my house 
my family and being able to exercise and spend quality time with them today. 
polar fleece quater sheetenjoyed its first use - haven't needed it since 
When I have no issues with my family, friends, and boyfriend. 
having a best friend that is willing to help me find my worth again. 
That i am not sick 
My dad supporting me. 
having someone who shares responsibility 
A year ago, I was really excited to put myself together a new little home recording workspace and spent much time selecting all the right components. 
hair colour 
I could speak to my friend. 
my husband. 
My children 
grateful, to be alive 
Making lovely food with Keith and both enjoying it is lovely. 
healthy. 
caring 
talked with colleague Paul 
finishing my due paper work. 
sunshine 
My boyfriend had a good talk with me and made me feel like he was there for me. 
My boys. 
talking to my grandson. 
We are all healthy 
My Suitcase I've already taken it for granted it should be organized in a organized room Its still Nice It really Has been the First of Good Investments this month a Nice Gift to Myself. 
What is it it is not for enjoyment but it feel's comforting a stock pile of food and water survival gear a bow for hunting fire extinguishers warm sleeping bags reliable boots an abundance of items to care for those I love. 
Friggen Pooped I cleaned my Room Finally. 
so happy about my trip to b.c with my buds. 
Homelessness 
Getting away from a very ungodly weddingIt was a relief 
Have the Truth www.Jw.org 
woke up high accidently from my medication, 
have a wonderful and loving family 
Being at the job of my dreams 
Friend invited me to a golfing break. 
don't have any disabilities to cope with 
Did dome gardening in the sunshine 
To wake up early and prepare myself to come to work 
My oldest daughter cared for her infant brother 
1. 
Knowing the truth of God and the key to eternal life - knowing the purpose of life - where would I be without this? 
Being thanked for my hard work 
going back to school 
got 100 on test 
Erin sticks with me through my ups/downs 
My puppy Millie! 
my girlfriend and the time we share. 
my husband and daughter are in my life. 
so grateful for the amazing 2 hour walk on the river I had yesterday. 
my family's support. 
Being able to go to yoga on Sunday and relax at home and spend some down time with Romeo as a time to decompress and chill. 
an unconditionally loving family 
so grateful for my condo. 
My boyfriend and I are communicating better. 
cleaned! 
I work for a veterinarian and never have to worry about the cost of pet care. 
Yesterday got off to a chaotic start at work, which my co-worker and I find particularly miserable before we've had a chance to have even the first sip of coffee. 
My co-worker gets a box full of free, all-natural cleaning products as a bonus to a water system she bought. 
Monday, when I got home, my house-guest had done the dishes. 
found something that was really important to me, that I thought I'd lost. 
The first thing that brightened my day was my kitten running into the bathroom as I was getting ready for work and dropping his new toy into the toilet. 
Close friends who are there for me 
to have a great group of kids in High School to teach yoga to this year. 
my family 
The support of my parents 
Jobs done 
Lol, the only thing I buy is food! 
My Swiffer. 
my mother taught me about the importance of cleanliness, manners, and respect. 
discovered a new music artist that i really love from a friends recommendation 
It was a lovely sunny day 
Friends have shown they care about my unemployment. 
Nice chat parents 
Someone told me that they liked that I came out to the floor, today. 
Trip to Barcelona 
My mom. 
Love. 
Ashleigh called me awesome. 
That my husband makes health and fitness a priority. 
my job. 
don't have to stress about feelings of helplessness towards my husbands depression. 
My Dad 
老公跟我分工明确的干家务，而且老公干的都很好！ 
My supervisor told me that she loved me. 
the fact that I have my own office, so I can change at work in relative comfort. 
I am safe. 
My nephews safety. 
got a lot of peaceful rest & meditated. 
Plane ticket to see Nieves; excited to see him. 
A massive cooling upgrade and a keyboard for my computer. 
God allowing me and my family to live and see another day. 
I received a phone call this morning for a job interview! 
would feel relieved after buying a new car, because I don't own one, and it's difficult relying on public transportation or rides all of the time. 
My fiance. 
Kris gave me a back massage and picked Up knowing it's my favorite movie. 
great full that I do not need a pacemaker 
my dad 
completed my work today... 
My dad kindly and quckly paid me the money I needed 
1. 
JESUS 
I have a safe and clean place to live. 
Easy to talk to; interested in my life 
New project to work on. 
My friends turn to me for advice... makes me feel valued and closer to them. 
Place to live 
Today I am grateful for the opportunity to be part of a workshop that, normally, I could never afford. 
help with chores 
my son 
My roommate Caroline for being so thoughtful. 
more than grateful for my boyfriend, James. 
my girl fixing dinner 
Family 
My family 
the Navy Sea Cadets. 
Waking up next to my dog Bijou 
I have a very supportive family and they will always be there for me 
to have support of my husband in whatever I do 
My children are healthy. 
Having fresh water to drink. 
my mother. 
my caring and loving boyfriend. 
my hands. 
Lucie is so joyful. 
didn't get hurt 
woke up healthy 
have a mom that loves me so much she made breakfast for me! 
Helping Susan with her blog. 
Mom helped me get food for my guests 
my family. 
Nice thank you note from my intern today. 
Grateful for my health, that I can wake up everyday with out pain or ability to function properly. 
a gym membership I felt good to be around people 
House, Car, Computer 
Three happy active kids 
Sarah has helped me with tennis and with SGHS. 
Having a Hard working Mother 
Clancy putting me in a good mood every morning. 
My 18 year stressful corporate job moved away. 
Reschedule my interview time so I could still meet with the ladies afterwards. 
Incredibly beautiful day. 
The kittens tested neg for FIV/FeLV and are fully immunized as of today. 
People stood up for me when someone misunderstood a FB post 
My children are all healthy. 
My son and wife. 
my friend, Keith. 
I was able to complete a masters program and uncover my love for and ability to write well 
A sunny day 
Excited. 
To be healthy 
long talks with my boyfriend 
high school. 
Having someone who's been there for me through thick and thin 
Mother 
my parents are both alive and I can come home whenever and opt out of responsibility 
not late at work. ) 
My tablet, a video game, and a guitar 
the opportunity to be engaged with people who are passionate about similar issues 
My mom. 
sasqda 
Nothing 
Samantha 
have friends that are there for me and care for me. 
talked to Angela about starting a comprehensive wellness program with Sara Romano today. 
my beautiful home and garden. 
na 
existing 
New pair of jeans, slim fit and very different colour 
a nice, sunny walk in the park with my husband and dog today! 
The first thing that brightened my day was having a chat with the lovely couple at the bus stop this morning. 
The fact that it was a sunday morning and i could relax with the family 
my family being close, for the most part, and for their health. 
Grateful for my morning meditation and my coffee 
having a compassionate heart and an intelligent bent of mind 
my children 
PERSONAL TRAINING SESSIONS 
ELECTRIC CIGARETTE - HAPPY AND POSITIVE THAT I WAS TAKING A BIG STEP IN QUITTING SMOKING AND GETTING HEALTHY. 
to have a lovely, funny, supportive family. 
Improving health 
Supportive and Loving friends and family who don't care what size I am as long as I am happy. 
My family 
Grateful for being alive and up in the morning !! 
to my wife , who is so supporting and always by my side. 
Sammy came to visit. 
Stepkids 
Getting all my errands done. 
Life/ Health 
Nothing 
My family, friends and our animals 
My husband picking up dinner 
Spiked choker 
My lovely home. 
Fantastic, relieved to get out of dodge. 
Having health insurance. 
Kye and Buttons are here. 
spending time and really getting to know my grandparents. 
- 
- 
My sister and me having a fun chat 
KeesMoederJudithGeeskeWillemGabrielJan DAndrej 
Money, there is abundant 
My husband 
my loving family 
my home, it is safe and peaceful 
My husbands help when i am not feeling well. 
spending time with my husband 
healthy cats 
My daughter who I am very proud of and never fails to make me smile. 
I have a husband who takes my son out from time to time, which allows me quiet time away from my child. 
THE THINGS I AM REALLY GRATEFUL ABOUT ARE :MY mother and her unconditional strive and sacrifice in bringing me up . 
Waking up well rested because I didn't wake up in the middle of the night again 
A/C in summer, heat in winter. 
Quit Ph.D. program--not stressing about THAT anymore. 
Hearing from long-lost high school friend that I was memorable. 
Indoor plumbing. 
Windy weather blowing the autumn leaves. 
education 
my cat 
my cat 
My cousin bought me candy. 
Drinking a cup of my favourite coffee and listening to some great Hindi music made me really happy. 
my children are healthy. 
my home. 
very grateful I have a dishwasher, it saves so much time that I can use to relax or do something else productive. 
When I tried new things e.g. 
Stephanie, my best friend, who always helps me feel better. 
My mother told me she misses me, it makes you realize you are not alone and always have family to turn to 
having my car and the independence it gives me. 
My husband is home from work, finally. 
spoke with my aunt. 
clothes 
Running shoes - I've used them most days for getting places. 
not going to yoga was not the end of the world. 
not stressed about my parents 
Mounting a poem I wrote that will be mailed out this week. 
kissing Kim goodbye for the day before work 
to God that I'm still a live and I can continue doing my good deeds 
have been feeling a little heavier lately and Mark has been super supportive and reassuring. 
Clothing 
Mark & Rori 
My friend Andrew arrives tonight for a few day stay at my house. 
got all my errands run. 
Mike had colon cancer, and they operated and he's ok. 
Mike does remember to take out the trash the evening before trash day. 
Thankful that my husband has a great job. 
My friends support me and make me feel like I'm making the right decision. 
had alone time to do the things I needed to do 
Woke up feeling rested. 
I'm able to focus on my schooling while my husband works. 
having such a beautiful place to live. 
my life 
still having my 2 sons healthy and alive. 
have a wonderful husband that I love very much. 
nice roommates 
My three beautiful, special children who brighten my life just by being who they are!!! 
my home. 
Good home 
My daughter 
feel safe here at my house. 
June this year, I had to go to hospital and get some surgery done. 
we were able to buy the house we live in. 
My family & pets 
My abusive relationship with my ex husband. 
I have a comfortable bed to sleep in, a roof over my head, and A/C 
a home for my family, roof over our heads 
Whether is awesome 
my kids. 
i found this site i think it will help 
breathing. 
the birth of my two beautiful nieces!I am grateful for my sister, and our relationship. 
My three cats waking me up at the crack of dawn every single morning! 
I have a job with a lot of freedom to get my work completed. 
My home~ I finally look forward to coming home...no more stressful, bigoted neighbors! 
Met with customer who I haven't seen in a while....great conversation 
my son was ok 
My children are healthy 
A nice house to live in 
Beautiful day. 
Peace of Mind 
My wonderful family. 
My husband and I attempted to really communicate with each other, even though it was hard and we stumbled through it. 
got help getting kitchen unpacked and organized 
Being able to eat my breakfast with out an interruptionand getting to drink my tea while it is hot. 
Finding out I was no longer in remission from diabetes. 
He always leaves me a morning note. 
Setting up the pools for the party. 
wanted a set of charcoal pencils to draw with and finally got them, they sit on a shelf still in the original wrapper. 
There was not a huge traffic back up as I went to pickup my granddaughter from school. 
Watching the smile on my granddaughter's face when she saw I was watching her play on the monkey bars. 
The Asics shoes I have on now, I wanted black and they are, I looked for a few weeks for the right shoe. 
having my home be my home. 
his unique sense of humor. 
Creating something. 
Getting up early. 
to have them call more often. 
A friend on Facebook cheered my decision to work out again. 
my patient husband. 
was able to cook, eat, and fold clothes without interruption 
Tom - Tom is my rock and my best friend. 
got to sleep in and catch up on some rest. 
went for walk 
I am alive 
My tiny boy, his helpful attitude and sweet smile 
a great personal space where I can work and live. 
my children most. 
Loyal friends 
My beautiful healthly children 
woke up quite sore, which makes me very thankful that I had a day filled with hard work and dance yesterday. 
The woman at the salon who waxed my eyebrows told me I have beautiful eyebrows. 
gratfull for david and our relastionship 
a nice home 
Accomplished every task on my to do list 
I was able to get my deposits done early so I didn't have to stress about them. 
I have reconnected with some old friends in the past. 
Coaching Class 
knee improving so i can get around easier 
Seeing Wyatt this weekend! 
My mom: She does all these little things like buying me lunch. 
got my test results back (finally) telling me what foods I should cut out of my diet to start feeling better. 
was invited to my friend's family Thanksgiving dinner. 
My raise 
very much grateful for having a loving family. 
Its a beautiful day 
Healthly loving children 
Today I am thankful for enough projects to stay productive and make the day go by quickly. 
New home 
A friend telling me I am such a sweetheart, it made me cry with happiness 
wife is a truly spiritual person that I know will always stay faithful to Jehovah and whom I can count on to pray for the welfare of me and the family and be heard. 
Family: Loving and supportive wife, gram, mom, uncle and everyone who loves me. 
My boyfriend came to all the way to Milwaukee to jump my car. 
heels 
Being woken up every morning and getting another chance to try again. 
My couch. 
the abundance of blueberries we just picked today. 
Having friends 
My husband was open and honest with me. 
I was able to nap in the middle of the day without interruption. 
don't have to worry about wondering if a man will ever love me. 
Today, my youngest nephew was very cheerful with me. 
Zaidi. 
Nike tennis shoes -- looked cool and different, comfortable, felt more empowered to work out. 
My caring nana & granda always ensuring food is ready on time when i'm rushing 
waking up in the morning 
my devoted husband. 
live in a nice light clean home which is warm and has everything i need. 
gratefull about the family i have 
the fact that I have a home. 
Elin messaged to arrange a phone date tomorrow :) 
mike, his cheerful demeanor, his help 
an extremely comfortable place to say that is safe and lovely for my children and me. 
The first thing that I am grateful for is my three beautiful children are happy and healthy. 
my husband. 
a nice home 
My granddaughter was cuddling with me on the couch. 
I started thinking about nutrition at an early age. 
my balcony is now clean and it was fast 
music. 
no longer in school, so not only do I not have to worry about assignments and grades, but I also have more freedom to explore the things I'd like to explore. 
my mother. 
Hanging out with the family! 
have a great job 
Grateful for the flowers and lunch my husband brought me. 
being alive and surrounded by loving people. 
My daughter talking to me in the car. 
My friends and I are chatting about a joke we all think is funny. 
a loving boyfriend who supports me in my life. 
don't have to worry about my parents being unemployed 
he cooked dinner these past couple of days when I have been snowed under with Uni work. 
got a job interview for the coming week. 
think I will name things I want to use again. 
Journal - I have so many journals they are coming out my ears and I used to be really good and journal religiously. 
my sense of humour and how quirky it is. 
My life is great because I have a loving family and friends who support me. 
Her ability to empathise. 
To be able to take care of my pets 
One ex-husband and one ex-boyfriend 
have a beautiful son who I cherish with all my heart and has made my life complete. 
my sweet husband and our long walk we had on the greenway with the dogs today. 
Grateful I have my son to play with at the fair. 
Os meus filhos são saudaveis, empáticos e têm compaixão 
Reneir calls to hang out regularly. 
No longer stressing about getting a new job 
my friend Justin. 
my health. 
have great friends and family. 
my daughter 
1. 
waking up 
My Bicycle because when I do ride it I feel free. 
have a lot of friends that I interact with regularly on facebook, so number one is definitely facebook! 
My biggest was getting away from my now ex husband after he beat my children one night while I was at work. 
The first thing that went smoothly was getting up on time and getting everyone off to school without any stress. 
My family. 
1. 
First, I am grateful for my health. 
Thankful for insurance for Ja's medicine. 
My job. 
my husband and daughter. 
The mowing was finished so that I don't have to. 
Fa-Fa 
Family, talking to family members and helping them out if possible. 
Getting things accomplished relative to going back to school 
i have a home & a job, and i can take care of myself. 
have a great place to work. 
My children 
alex is still at plymouth 
Knowing God 
My husband had a good report from his doctor 
Boys helped cliening up my house. 
My boss letting me know they appreciate me. 
Today I was grateful for the universe, I was trying to put my car seats back in my car, and they are very heavy, I also injured my shoulder and elbow Saturday, so that made it even harder. 
my husband, he is there he's a great companion we laugh about something every day. 
my family 
I have a job 
Spoke to friends (co-workers) and had some laughs 
This does not describe me at all. 
have a job that allows me to make enough money to pay for the roof over my head and the food on my table and still leaves a bit for extras 
talked to my spouse about my insecurity. 
Baby keens. 
I have another week with my son before he leaves 
had a great day 
Family who loves me and will help me when I need it. 
My husband for doing the dishes tonight 
Performing my recital despite having had a cold and not being able to practice for 4 days prior! 
Sai. 
The love of my husband. 
rain 
granddaughter giving me a hug. 
husband 
husband support 
flowers for my gardenit made me feel real good to see new blooming flowers I am grateful for my husband, who stand by me in all my ups and downs :)now I feel its not important, no one see them or enjoys them 
My husband brought me delicious food. 
My Children 
Family 
being able to spend time with my granddaughters after 4 years of waiting. 
the people in my life. 
had my grandson and granddog. 
1. 
My husband made dinner 
My life! 
1. 
My mother has not talked to me in over 8 years due to something she wanted me to do that would have harmed me. 
1. 
my boys were able to help me today. 
realized the new system for entering waivers was going to be easier than I thought, and I finished getting the waiver spreadsheet in order. 
Ashley picked up peaches to store 
Grateful for my good health for 57 years 
having someone fix my computer. 
to have a clean place to stay. 
life 
Having a home to live in 
Spending time with Alex this weekend 
Happy to have a friend that has an apartment I can stay at while I'm broke. 
When I get to enjoy breakfast with my husband and son. 
The death of my parents and them passing 1 1/2 years apart from each other. 
My Fiancé makes my life great because even though i want to kick his ass sometimes he loves me and I him and he makes me smile. 
the amazing loving husband I was blessed with at this later stage of my life! 
Leon listened to me today and made me feel understood 
when my son does his chores without being told 
my daughter 
a shelter, clean water, good food, a good job. 
I have a roof over my head. 
my health 
My home 
ul that Jessy really wanted me to come to the Fire Pit at Kara's tonight and that I can go and will go. 
no longer worried about my iron level and my fibroid tumors because I was able to get that taken care of. 
My Wonderful Partner who is very supportive. 
A place to live 
I am able to celebrate my husband's birthday with him again this year. 
Friends greeted me at my coming in for work. 
Helpful and supportive first grade team - making copies for each other, sharing resources, and providing advice. 
my sisters came over 
to have a roof over my head. 
Kathy was helpful as usual - patient and willing to help me and answer questions. 
My family. 
Patrick said he saw me as young and energetic 
my daughter 
Perry shaved 
My Kids 
My kids and I have a very close relationship and that is one of the biggest blessings of my life. 
my friend Kathy who sweetly took care of my dogs while I was out of town. 
my mom lets me live here with her and takes on the financial responsibility. 
I have a nice, safe place to work that is close to home 
was grateful to get my arm looked at so I can start being well, and I was grateful for the opportunity to be able to recover and not have to work today. 
Mrs. King's baby shower was fun. 
My husband 
my co-workers who offer guidance and support as I learn my job. 
My daughters. 
My oldest daughter said she got her smarts from me 
I seem to have developed a habit of picking up after myself, giving me a pleasant place to come home to. 
A book Two Graves by Douglas Preston & Lincoln Child. 
Grateful that my son, Eric, is gaining strength and progressing a little better every day. 
Grateful to live in the area that I have wanted to live in for yrs. 
mornings with Brooklyn 
my friends who try so hard to make sure I am involved and who try to make sure I'm happy. 
my family I get to have dinner with 
my children. 
completed a project on my own 
My adult children are making sound good choices for a better future. 
My artistic view of people,places and things. 
Trip to post office went smooth no line and postage free return YAY!!! 
bought myself a pink I5 and feel a little guilty,,,,,Not sure why I feel guilty,,I got it 4 days ago and am still using my old phone lol. 
My sense of humor. 
My ChildrenNice HomeSwimming pool 
have a job! 
Financial stress - that was been my biggest problem, I'm horrible at managing money. 
My morning was quiet - I needed that to recharge for the rest of the day. 
the family that's helping me out - my brother and sister-in-law, my niece, my cousins also are helping beyond the call of duty. 
had food today, and it will be enough for tomorrow. 
my job. 
I had a nice evening with my partner. 
my healthy kids and husband who goes to work every day possible. 
my husband is unconditionally loving and that he always listens to me. 
Grateful that I can get out of bed in the morning. 
sunshine 
Thinking about a student that I had at summer school who made me feel so good. 
A husband that loves me. 
home 
got a compliment from a client 
being able to call close friends and share my fears and my most happy moments and I know they really, really care. 
A good friend helped me to make some wallet sized photos of my 2 youngest nephews 
Depends on what it is 
Friend sent me pics from England 
Bad relationship I had in high school 
my children 
air conditioning 
My family 
My furniture. 
1. 
my kids 
A beautiful house to live in while I'm getting my future started. 
family 
have a wonderful loving boyfriend. 
charter helping out with bill 
Taylor helped me with spreadsheets. 
silly things my son said bout grandma 
My white vans 
went to the park with Fluke, did some reading, cleared my head! 
My Husband 
My three children 
my children 
my kids. 
My husband and my son. 
New Macbook AirGnomon WorkshopLinchpin by Seth Godin 
have an amazingly supportive family, no matter what is going on there are always there to lend a helping hand. 
Shoes 
was able to keep my emotions in check all day 
my children what to live at home. 
my wonderful man and all the things he does for me 
got a great deal on a hotel I wanted to book in LV 
Relaxing Conditions 
It was a very free-flowing day, truly appreciate that my kids didn't mind I needed extra rest time today! 
the sun rising as it does everyday, thank you sun for giving me the knowingness you're always there to greet the day with me! 
the sun that rose this morning. 
A loving husband who supports me emotionally and financially 
Spent the weekend with my girlfriends in a house by the river - grateful for the time out and my friends 
health 
Regardless of how disconnected I've been with my sister, she still was there when I felt horrible last night. 
Vince gave me a really nice compliment about how he took a gamble on me as a beginner and made me a senior ux designer. 
Howard came up to the gallery and talked to me. 
gratful for music, playing it and listening to it. 
Thankfull that my son was somewhat good today I didnt yell so much 
my hula hoops and the space to use them daily. 
my friend being there for me 
Left on time and got to work easily 
My cat Junior who has been with me for 16 years. 
my father has provided insurance for me to get klonopin. 
Natalie bought me coffee this morning, because I totally was not expecting it. 
wife 
my family. 
Car Golf. 
Well, Im grateful to be connecting more with my family lately. 
my few close friends 
I´m very grateful to God because my Mom is well and getting better! 
i´m grateful because today i do´nt need more to be happy. 
MY LOVING HUSBAND 
Tina helped me clean out the fridge even though it was my job 
so thankful that I get to spend time with my wife my son and my daughter yesterday we really enjoy each other's company 
spending time with my girlfriend 
Waking up and falling asleep to Scott each morning. 
matt cooking me a lovely dinner last night 
the nurse had triple a batteries for mom's clicker 
HAVE SOME WONDERFUL PEERS THAT I WORK WITH. 
My wife who supports me no matter what, listens even when I don't make sense, and loves me despite my flaws. 
a healthy 20 year committed relationship with my soulmate who sticks by me, supports and encourages me, and is just an amazing human being. 
my cat is always there when nobody else is, i love him to death 
My son offered to buy me a coffee. 
have completed my m.s from niper the best insitute in pharmaceutical research 
Sarah helped to clear my garden rubbish and spent some time with me. 
Finishing my associates degree...I wanted a degree for a long time and now I can say I have that much...it feels great to have gotten that far... 
My parents 
have a job that allows me to visit beautiful vistas! 
the lord 
My parents being there when I called round 
my daughter. 
A very productive day. 
my son...his cooperation, help and kindness 
Grateful for a pretty home, fresh bed, all new and no hassle 
my family and all that they have done for me. 
I have such a supportive family and how well we all get along with each other. 
Bruce said yes, 
My job 
Air conditioning 
joe is so special and I love that we get along soo good 
Having a great husband 
my three beautiful, happy and healthy children. 
My children are healthy 
working from home 
new shorts are fun to wear in the summertime because it is hot---i will look better in new shorts than in old shorts. 
have none 
being alive 
having shelter and a safe home. 
new camera 
medicine that helps 
Having Scott in my life 
My daughter 
Family 
most grateful for my husband. 
Health 
My puppy was very excited to see me this morning and gave me many kisses. 
being able to spend some time with my children in the morning before they go to school. 
Drive to work was especially beautiful. 
God 
when my friend asked for my picture 
when I get home and my two best friends are there. 
Flat screen TV 
My best friend. 
live alone so I can decide what to do at any given time (so long as it doesn't bother my neighbors) and this freedom is FANTASTIC. 
Jackie and her family 
Having a roof over my head 
someone called round 
my husband 
my mother expressed worry in my mouth pains and booked me a dentist appointment today which I really needed. 
bike 
my friends and family that truly love me and are not judging of me... Who love me for who I am 
mustang-I was so happy that I had a mustang 
the dog did not have an accident inside the house today. 
Set out to find myself a job. 
great people that i work with. 
Tennis shoes 
living in a comfortable house. 
I get along with my coworkers 
Duke is eating and enjoying it. 
World's most Wonderful Husband 
Worry if I did the right thing. 
My bed 
Laughter 
Got called for an interview at Stierns Veterinary Hospital 
people at pt 
The time to relax at home 
got to play with Nippet this morning and she was so darn cute! 
Choices in life, that I can study to improve my life. 
Conversation with Adina and Rachel on FB. 
My sobriety 
Body shop body butter 
My diamond ring. 
bed 
our shower is still working upstairs while the downstairs shower is being repaired. 
my mothers help around the house. 
my best friend sierra and that we get to do fun and cry things together. 
My Family- the time we spend together, the memories we make, the support we give each other. 
Being a business owner. 
Taking a day to go to the Lake with Dani and Trev 
Getting Alyssa ready for school. 
my kids 
Chloe will go out of her way to pick me up if i can't find a ride every time i ask, with no expectations of gas money or other form of payment 
my children 
Grateful for a postive report from eye surgery 
have a loving husband. 
My husband 
my loving husband and my relationship with him. 
I have a big, warm comfortable bed that I love to crawl into each night when I'm home 
being out of an abusive relationship 
building maintenance came immediately and fixed my broken toilet & door...nice to have things working properly 
nice passengers 
got to have time to talk one on one with my nephew 
having a job and being eligible for promotion --find out tomorrow if i get it 
went to yoga class 
I get to spend my days off with my Fiance, even though he's working from home. 
Hair, outfit and food 
My child cleaned his room 
the diamond earrings Tom gave me as my <early> birthday gift today. 
my family 
Doing what I like to do 
being able to breath 
Was finally selected for an official showcase. 
My customers love the work I do and express their appreciation openly and often. 
GOD WAKING UP ALL OF US TODAY AND PROTECTED US ALL DAY. 
i got to take a lot of rest today 
have a job in today's difficult economy. 
Hug from my friend, Briar 
Masuda called! 
My children 
still have Steven,Noley and Landon in my Life they are my family that i must focus on now. 
One would be moving to a new school at age 13 and not being accepted by anyone ....i maintained good grades and curfews and when my mother passed away when i was 17 i moved in with my aunt and uncle back in Oklahoma and i call them my parents now I continued to maintain good grades and follow curfews i know that this is only 2 vs the 3 but these are the most stressful things in my life i dont count the 2 divorces because the first one we were young and dumb and the 2nd was karma so this is the 3rd most stressful thing in my life the first 2 of course i was alot younger but i was able to move on within a couple of weeks......this is the one im not handling to well at all i am using my fmla hours bc i dont want to be around my co workers and the lies that we are "paid" to say that i recently found "this is how the cookie crumbles" is disgusting to me sooooo...... 
to wake up without back and neck pain. 
The temperature was cooler than usual for Aug. 
My Partner Kim. 
my husband very understanding when I go through this 
My sons joy when he works on computers or arts & crafts. 
being able to support myself. 
was able to spend some time reading and relaxing today. 
ferrets 
Thankful for a unselfish and great mom for a wife 
Good food for supper. 
my job and my husband. 
God's grace is shining on me, showing me that everything CAN fall into place, even after falling apart... 
My lawn and my weeds were all tackled by a nice man today. 
My partner 
Everyone ate dinner together tonight 
a husband who is the best snuggler in the world -- makes a good night of sleep so joyful! 
Grateful for Jeff being there for me thru sickness 
to have found a guy who loves me. 
my child making me laugh 
a home 
Grateful that Angeles hasn't been ill lately 
Medical insurance--at my previous company, I had really high out-of-pocket payments. 
my dogs 
Great co workers 
my husband working two jobs. 
A great partner and my mother 
Clinton. 
Getting to help a friend by doing some office work for her while I am not employed full time. 
have two healthy, happy children full of spirit and curiousity about life. 
a beautiful and secure home 
1. 
1. 
my friends 
God 
my kids 
so greatful to have my son even tho in two days it will be 3 yrs ago that I lost my daughter in a car accident. 
computer and internet 
someone had the trust in me to confide about his addiction. 
energyhopemy plants 
my 2 daughters 
A family that loves and supports me and makes an effort to stay connected 
own my home and have my dogs and the opportunity to raise chickens. 
my children 
Grateful for an amazing daughter that holds a great job & still continues with her college. 
my cousins fb posts 
have gchat friends who im me 
I have a job! 
my mother is alive and in my home 
family 
mom 
Car only needed a battery charge up at no cost! 
Not able to pay bills. 
failed brakes started working again 
My new used car that I have had to put more money into and do not keep kids' Cheerios vacuumed out as often, but I sure do love and appreciate having it! 
have 2 adorable little boys, who at their best are polite and an absolute joy. 
Being a big part of my sisters wedding. 
Constant pain during my monthly cycle, that was very complicated and depressing 
got some sleep 
Having a job no matter how much it annoys me at times 
Helped out my future in laws 
fo a nice morning in bed...great way to start the day 
paycheck 
My kitty purred and curled up on me. 
My friends who are supporting in this life transition. 
My dog loves me. 
my family 
my kids 
life and the joy of breathing 
My friends and family 
sharing love with pets 
MY MOM 
MY MOM 
MY MOM 
Bought a car. 
Parents visiting 
Bus Trip 
haven't gotten anything I wanted lately. 
I was able to conduct a bible study here today. 
having a family 
Have a very nice apartment to live in. 
My elderly cat was sick for a full 24 hrs. 
have a HUGE family of support and love! 
getting money 
my loving husband and family 
Shoes 
My co-workers are really recognizing how busy I am and volunteering to help! 
getting chores done without interruption 
Power shower 
Being employed and having good benefits 
husband 
Kitchen aid mixerLaptop ComputerDigital Camera 
Grateful for my job. 
sound sleep 
fast paced busy day 
new found friendship 
Celebration Breakfast with humor. 
I have my children. 
so grateful that my son went to bed without a fight last night. 
to have a roof over my head, a place of my own, my asset, my moneymaker! 
have a home to live in 
My dogs. 
have privacy that movie stars don't. 
Going to work since I'm unemployed now. 
when the children help out around the house 
a day with nothing planned to do, then doing 2 things I've been wanting to do for weeks...just for me! 
Having a roof over my head. 
I got groceries today. 
waking up with my family and preparing breakfast and savoring a cup of coffee while chatting with everyone. 
Mike made dinner 
my family 
being alive. 
my family, because I know a lot of people do not have family support in their life. 
my family 
mum 
My mom 
great that I can finally get places on my own 
my daughter fed and gave the dog water when I asked her to. 
Had food to cook a good meal 
I have a home to come to at the end of the day. 
My son 
my family 
being a live 
my girls had fun together today. 
FOR BEING A CANCER SURVIVOR FOR THREE YEARS. 
Made it to the gym today with Fallean. 
I have a place to live and can have all my fur babies sleep with me. 
my boyfriend 
Be able to spend time with my daughter 
Got out of the office early 
did not have to go to work because of another work emergency. 
got some gardening done today. 
have 17 year old triplets. 
when my friends call me to see how I'm doing. 
my family and the help and encouragement they've given me, especially in this past year. 
I have a job that I enjoy 
My family 
GOD...to know that he is always there for me, whether in my time of need, in my fruitfulness, or anything else. 
Time withGarmon, geancarlo, etc. just being silly. 
I have a loving, devoted, honorable, handsome, successful, caring husband. 
Mishcka- for being so patient with me. 
Grateful for making dinner last night and packing mani his lunch today morning after 2 days of eating out 
my sister invited me over for dinner, getting me out of the house. 
my boys. 
don't have to worry about my financial aid this semester because all my paper work was completed before my Summer term even began! 
my family- although they are tough on me, they do love me, support me, and feed me. 
Feeling comfortable talking to Uncle Michael and Aunty Connie and the advice they gave me. 
Mom watched the kids so I could clean for this weekend's party. 
A friend helped with school shopping costs 
I was able to get a bath in peace. 
getting paid $5 more an hour for easy work 
My kids 
actually enjoyed work today 
Stuck at recovery and have more freedom in my life... obsession to use is hardly a matter in my life anymore. 
Having a wonderful caring husband 
House 
My Roomies who are peaceful 
know the thing i like to do 
my new swanky flat 
Went and spent the day with my mum which was relaxing, and it was lovely to speak to someone. 
A loving family who support every action I take in life. 
People being kind and accepting of me. 
My baby girl is learning to walk 
Being able to chat to people who work around my work. 
my 4 kids 
My Apartment 
My job. 
I have a business 
to have a network of very close friends. 
iphone 
I have family who love and support me. 
Nice weather outside 
Juliana made me laugh. 
Was compassionate to an abusive ex 
My son said he loved me! 
Me. Sometimes I have fallen out of love with myself. 
going to love ME again. 
The computer. 
having a house to live in. 
My children - so thankful they are in my life 
Warm days at the park 
Grateful that my boys are able to attend summer camp and enjoy their activities 
so grateful that the boys and I had a peaceful morning getting ready for day camp and made it on time, no hurriedness or yelling on my part. 
Wife happynesss and wellnesscats wellness and happiness,play,fun my own health home food car 
Eyes, legs, ears, body works fine. 
I saw some friends at Church today. 
Having a great family 
spending time with Kaylin. 
Woke up clean and sober, 
worked out through out the day without crying about too much pain 
my daughter who will come up behind me and wrap her arms around me and tell me she loves me. 
don't have to worry about money. 
My family 
Healthy family 
I am friend of Irene. 
red shoes 
duży potencjał 
My health and that of my kids 
Able to sleep when I felt tired and had a headache. 
paid off car 
We laughed alot 
my family, i am grateful for them. 
being appreciated at work. 
To meet with my friend Nicol 
the beautiful email i got from my husband this morning. 
Being healthy enough and having the time and dedication to dance for a huge chunk of my day. 
My Parents 
Grateful for food & shelter 
my pets and for taking on Bret, my brothers lizard for a wee while as he goes on holiday. 
Helpin' hands always around at the house. 
Having a great, loving and awesome family! 
Four healthy daughters- without them my life would have been over many years ago. 
Partners that understand how stressful my job can be and try to make me laugh 
the support of my wonderful family as I make my way through flight school, knowing that they back me makes it possible for me to focus on the task at hand. 
every day for my monkey. 
was able to work today without a lot of interruption. 
1. 
Lawrence came over and spent some time just holding me and letting me cry. 
Lizzie 
Santa Cruz Singlet - This made me happy because i felt fashionable & i felt good because i was wearing a branded piece of clothing. 
Another day with my mommy. 
Going back to school and getting on the Dean's list. 
Taking on challenges 
How much my husband loves me. 
went to the movies yesterday and took a short walk in the mall. 
Happy, healthy child 
My son was happy when I came to school to have lunch with him. 
nice customers all day 
Smiles. 
My mom takes care of me while I'm sick....she brings me food and goes to starbucks for me and checks on me all day. 
My children's laughter. 
my friend is out of the hospital. 
my son's hugs 
A supportive, loving family and husband. 
I am able to get up earlier and accomplish small tasks around the house 
Good Health 
Grateful for friends 
Was able to help a child heal hurts 
A roof over my head. 
Bluza crem cu dantela - asa draguta si fina 
got to play foosball and me and Erica beat the pants off Tony. 
i can go to school 
having people who truly love me 
grandchildren 
Zella Houston turned in her new hire paperwork 
My job. 
The pathway-Brian worked for so long and so hard on the pathway. 
Donna came to visit. 
a blanket 
My mother. 
My children and grandchildren 
no drama at dinner 
my husbands love 
Yesterday I had a super fun time riding in the back of the car with the our friends kids. 
learned a new exercise routine with co-worker 
waking up 
would buy a new house, because the house we have is really not a house that works for us. 
my husband being attentive and taking care of me today. 
Having a warm and welcoming home 
My husband 
have a loving, devoted, fiance' who loves me, and wants to spend forever with me. 
my son is learning to be independent with a smile. 
The kids played quietly while I rested on the couch this afternoon. 
the people that really care about me and who show it 
Bears 
To have had some time to spend with my daughter; I took her to lunch and we talked about all kinds of things, but mainly just enjoyed each other's company. 
used to hate my job; I remember getting heart palpitations as my hand went for the door knob to my office. 
husband-my rock and my strength 
Not dead 
my children. 
my husband always rubs my shoulders at night. 
NO 
my health 
Being alive 
Mom paid me 
was able to do a lot of house cleaning and scrubbing two days ago. 
No longer in a relationship with a drug addict 
woke up this morning at 2:30, as my love was wanting me. 
Got to have lunch with Erin. 
Being able to hang out with my boyfriend makes me happy because he is so sweet and loving. 
Getting the A honor roll for my last year of High School 
Computer glasses- great to have, but forget to have every day. 
having my kids all here with me . 
having a beatiful family 
That myself &my family are all healthy. 
my husband was home and we had no disagreements 
my friends caring enough about me to call and check on me. 
the help I get 
MY ABILITY TO SMILE AFTER ALL. 
my family for the love a support they always give me... 
LIFE .. 
I have a job at all. 
My pets. 
I live in South Korea, rent-free, and have the opportunity to travel the world and experience different cultures. 
my dog,macey. 
my parent 
Sleeping in 
My freedom 
the beagle did not have any accidents inside so far yet today, or at all yesterday, and that we still have this new medication which might help 
Not stressing about the relationship right now. 
new bottle of makeup- I appreciate having it, even though I already have others, but it didn't seem such a necessity after the purchase. 
Someone else made dinner, 
My husband being my husband with as impossible I am sometimes. 
they taking care of me 
my parents 
my classroom. 
Thankful Jonathan said we could borrow the car. 
Tea with a friend which lead to supportive and fascinating conversation. 
Really grateful for my thriving business - my clients, my staff and the financial resources it continues to create. 
purseshoesshorts 
having a job 
A home to come back to after work, and to be with my husband and pets, relaxed 
helped my son get through his homework 
My health 
My awesome home and kitchen and garden 
A new dress for a wedding 
my dogs 
Travis went on a walk with me. 
working a job that helps people move better 
New work bag. 
i have good kids 
how much my parents truly care about me 
helped my son with getting counsel to find paternity of a child 
messages from my husband and buy a car 
My Puppies 
being alive 
I live near the beach. 
girl 
Your availability and willingness to listen to how it is for me 
my Buddhist Prectice/Spiritutal Life 
her strength and determination. 
We could go to target and buy what we wanted without worrying 
don't have to worry about a toxic person who claimed to be a friend and only stole from me and tried to control me. 
random box of cheap jewelry 
the freedom I have in my home 
having found a new circle of happy health friends 
no longer have to stress about being in an abusive relationship 
was able to complete Mary's order 
my friends and family that have stuck by my side with the mistakes I made. 
My mom got me food. 
made a new friend, Faryal. 
bunny 
My friend Franz. 
My family and Food on the table 
family 
to live with my brothers again and for all the time we have to share together 
Team drink 
Writing pens 
A new house in Wales or Cornwall. 
Support and understanding my husband has given my during my resent emotional break down. 
Mr Singh caring about how I was and suggesting joining swimming classes to cheer me up. 
my family. 
came thru the rough times a much stronger person, I'm much more independent now then I've ever been. 
My grandchildren 
was able to rest yesterday when I did not feel good instead of forcing myself to work. 
i had transport provided instead of being forced to struggle with buses previously 
went out to dinner with my friends from the ICRC program. 
get to work from home and avoid the battle of driving through horrible traffic jams everyday 
My parents 
How hard Jen works to keep our family and home organized. 
Having lunch with Sam 
my cat's health 
iMac 
my family, especially during this very sad time in my life. 
I get at least some paycheck 
My Xbox 360, I am thankfull I have it bc without it I would feel empty. 
Barb stopped by to talk with me today 
LED Smart TV: I had imagined it to be superclear picture tv, but it aint so. 
Grateful for a home in an area that is peaceful and embraced by nature 
I am now back on my feet. 
my little apartment. 
my family 
have gf 
my sister, she is always there for me and never judges. 
to go out for a color run with my friends 
Sunday I felt grateful for my friends. 
Workout pants 
Being healthy 
Having a job with good pay and benifits 
Mary said that she had high hopes for the new job I'm applying for based on what I told her about the interview. 
Had a good time in Whole Foods with Rachel 
My new office, new start. 
My husband being by my side 
Fantastic! 
My husband always takes care of my when im in pain. 
family and friends 
Friends 
Wonderful grand children 
the God who has given me this life. 
children 
My shrink telling me about Hope to hope site, which brought me here. 
my precious daughter 
positive opinions on relationships 
my parents 
my friend who took the time to help me out with making some maps. 
Dr Ali's interest in me. 
to have my ma betty in my life . 
The beauty of the earth. 
My close friend always makes me feel happy at work. 
Great coworkers 
have a comfortable, quiet home that I can come to and relax. 
relaxing outside with my dogs 
my sons birthday clothes..i felt a relief that i bought but that it wasnt good enough. 
car 
Working where I can see my kids everyday. 
Being able to spend time with my son and see him laugh. 
Minhas maquiagens 
Husband 
Mother and Father that loves me no matter what. 
my children like interacting with me. 
handled taking care of two children with OCD and one with biploar. 
my family 
The first item is my Iphone,,,it was so new and now I take it for granted. 
the view of a pond and a waterfall right outside my bedroom window. 
Playing with my grand daughters 
It rained 
My husband...he made yesterday a fun day with kids and grand kids 
the sun that rises every day 
presented a power point in research class today 
My son called me 
God saving me 
was able to pay the utility bill with ease and finish my work in the evening. 
1. 
My colleagues helps me in completing the project . 
my family. 
Knowing my Creator. 
mom bought me food today 
1. 
Cute shirt I bought, It looks good on me and I like it. 
j'ai fait du vélo a/r blanche + grimpette 
did not have to go and work at another setting 
My parents 
A good friend coming by to sleep over and waking up with her company. 
A bad relationship where I was constantly questioning myself, feeling weak and unable to cope with the things happening in my life. 
Archer came over 
That i am alive . 
numbers 
Yes, I am grateful for the sunshine. 
having Dylan here at home still 
my laptop i was super happy to get and i will every mad if someone took this from me 
The beautiful sunshine that brightened my run. 
My body is healthy again and I can run! 
very lucky to have such a supporting dad.........he is always there for me whenever i am alone.....love u dad. 
Thankful to spend time with my baby and partner this weekend 
have 2 beautiful, happy, healthy, loving sons and enoyed spending quiet time with them. 
My family, and their constant presence in my life even though they are miles away 
Waking up with my sweet dogs and being able to sit with them and pet them 
Protection and safety 
sunglasses glad i found the ones i wanted 
my mother. 
Life is good cause I'm blessed with my wonderful family that brings me happiness each and everyday. 
self help book 
My family and granddogs 
working outside 
When I was out of town my friend called me and we talked about how much we miss each other. 
a friend of mine from class posted a very inspiring thought for me on my fb wall after i had a conversation with him regarding an issue, i felt good bout it 
the great people I work with, who support me. 
HAVE BENEFITS, AT LEAST I GET PAID SOMETHING INSTEAD OF NOTHING 
had food to make for lunch 
christina 
My cat is eating again after his surgery. 
Car 
somewhat healthy enough to still do most anything I might like to. 
take a step forward trying to change my life 
My first iPod: I felt great! 
always grateful to my parents who never leave me 
Dave liked his gifts. 
have a home to come to everyday. 
Job security. 
my mother for taking care of Pia, my daughter, everyday when I'm at work. 
Christian recognized that I was doing all I can on the Workday Planner. 
Finding a new apartment 
my children. 
My husband and I went to breakfast 
My health 
my wife who has stuck with me through these last 5 very stressful years. 
family feeding me while sick 
3 rainy days I was able to enjoy a cup of coffee on my zen styled balcony. 
my home 
I was able to spend time with my wife. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
Got to work on friday morning driving through traffic. 
I get younger siblings to care for. 
I have a special friend and sister that cares about my well being and my relationship. 
My family and how they always support me 
picked the song for the monthly concert and I think the song really suits our voices. 
my co-workers.. 
went for a walk in a place I've been meaning to visit. 
My boyfriend I had an aweful dream and it made me realize how much he means. 
people wanting to help me. 
my dad being more involved in my life. 
Truck 
my yard work is done so I can work all weekend. 
my beautiful and awesome son Houston, and I am thankful for my awesome beautiful daughter Jacquelyn. 
Sometimes I just don't know how to express my feelings. 
to wake up to another day of life. 
Good friends 
My children... their laughter and innocence, their imagination and spontaneous ideas. 
a puppy who has fallen asleep by my side. 
Having an awesome family who loves me. 
New phone. 
my family, because they are great, and I love them so much. 
have 1 good friend 
Music 
My pets...taking care of them and seeing them do silly things 
My hubby 
my husband 
My mom is my anchor and is so great for emotional support. 
my husband told me this morning how proud he is of me. 
the blooming flower on my tree out front...and for all the growing plants and flowers in our garden. 
Television - Great, now I have an up to date TV. 
My lovely house which is all mine 
Strong and healthy 
my two amazing sisters. 
Colour Laser Printer - didnt make me happy really - just needed a replacement after ex took hers away 
a husband who loves me, provides for me, and cares for me so much. 
Thanks for lovely husband 
having children that love me unconditionally. 
I have friends all over the world who are compassionate, loving people. 
Nook HD : I never used to read much, but now find myself reading more. 
my parents love and support me 
the loving relationship that Kyle provides me. 
Mobile Phone - I like that it lets me keep in contact with people 
I have food to eat 
my family 
The wheater is good this time of year, im grateful we have that time now 
My family's care for one another. 
My health 
having family members as partners in my company that understand my views and respect my visions. 
A job I like. 
A team with gsoh 
my dogs 
my boyfriend Duell who works so hard for us to have a roof over our head and food to eat. 
being at home because that is where my dog and boyfriend are. 
My little family 
my horse and dog, they give me something to love and take care of and they return that love unconditionally. 
Lovely Family - Wife and kids 
My arms and legs are working. 
a day to myself with only the distractions that I create. 
having the love and support of my sister and boyfriend 
Matthew said Mama and gave me a hug 
My health 
a loving family. 
It was really nice to see Mary Ann and Jill again. 
my kids and husband are so healthy. 
not having to be in an abusive relationship my sister Val and Joyce. 
My mom took the kids so we could have time together alone. 
my younger brother. . 
I have a healthy, complete family, so many people deal with the death of a loved one, but I'm so lucky to have all my siblings and healthy overbearing yet loving parents 
Financial calculator 
Facial cream, I am going to look better 
my meditation today. 
apple computer 
Shirlyne - I'm really lucky to have met her and hope that I can make this work out. 
I am averagely smart. 
my kids cleaned up after themselves. 
I am alive and able to enjoy my wife and family 
My kids and healthy and happy 
most greatful for being able to live in the mountains 
people smiling at me 
Having my dad as he fixed my car 
My friends and pets 
My ability to reinvent, no matter what the circumstances. 
GRATEFUL FOR MY LOVING MOM AND DAD. 
SweaterFoodWeed 
My boyfriend who takes good care of me 
the wonderful family i have. 
Suhail being a part of my life and the fact that we could get married despite all odds 
Beautiful dresses. 
my daughter's love 
My wife is a great cook, I really enjoy a good meal with my wife everyday 
TO GIVE ME APPERICIATING FAMILY BACKGROUND 
my lovely home and garden 
My husband is my rock, he gets me going in the morning with a lovely cup of coffee. 
Binoy - i am thankful to God for bringing him to my life. 
My friends from the Uk visited and my wife went out of her way to be the perfect host. 
My health is good. 
my friends and family and the love we share. 
my car- Really needed a new car my old was was breaking down and was costing more to repair. 
to have a warm safe home 
I was able to sleep in with my beautiful dog and enjoy my morning thoughts. 
he has mom 
to God for waking me up this morning and started my day on the right track.I'm grateful for my Family.I'm grateful for my mother and Father 
How well behaved our dogs have become. 
health 
ipod 
have family in Michigan that loves me 
I get to stay at home 
rang Emma Conway and got to chat to Claire, Finola and Helen too- it made me happy to hear them! 
waking up to my beautiful little dog 
Wii - I was so thrilled to finally get the Wii and then I've hardly used it. 
My sister-in-law sending me pictures of my baby nephew. 
Looking forward to a day spent with my husband and kids tomorrow. 
Devin: He is my firstborn. 
my family 
Lap top 
Meeting a friend for a coffee. 
I'm in the position to work from home and that my job involves continuous self-improvement and life-long learning. 
my life and my health 
My house ... I was so excited when I first bought it, and so in love with its landscaping ... but I didn't make the effort to keep it up, and now it's in a sad state. 
I'm more or less healthy (physically, if not emotionally – can't do anything about the latter: I'm bipolar.) 
the education my parents have given me, because of which I have a job today, that pays well. 
got married and have a wonderful woman to share my time and home with. 
My first marriage. 
my husband who manages to love me unconditionally. 
to have my partner and my puppy home waiting for me when I get back after a long day of work. 
My favourite pair of leather shoes was starting to fall apart (bought them on my first trip to New York so they had sentimental value, and they were Guess shoes so... 
A sister who always listens. 
Spending time alone 
Time alone in my favourite spot to read 
My own home - it feels good to have my own space knowing that I can make the environment 'me-friendly'!! 
my quite home and everything in it because I feel happy and secure having my own space in the world. 
Peaceful setting and serenity. 
Lydia sent me a picture on Facebook of a guy being obnoxious on a motorcycle because we were laughing about that the other night. 
the fact that I always have a loving cat and dog to come home to. 
Getting help from M to figure out the Rogers situation and then having her push me to make the changes 
to have a family that lives nearby who is always there for me. 
I work with people who care about the quality of work and support we provide. 
have people in my life who are supportive and who will be real with me when I need to give my head a shake or get a reality check. 
My health 
church 
I have a nice home. 
Enjoying a evening in sunroom with dan 
spoke to chris and set a date for Fabis wna binder, she will complete it! 
alcohol addiction in my adult children 
1. 
дома я чувствую себя защищенной и свободной 
Я больше не в отношениях, которые постоянно заставляли меня делать то, что необходимо для роли жены. 
have a clean comfortable home to live in. 
being able to work at the farm today in a fresh natural environment and enjoy experimenting and sharing with the fresh produce I received. 
My beautiful home and all the things and creatures in it. 
My body allows me to complete 3 hot yoga classes in 4 days. 
my friend leslie is safely at her sisters. 
caring husband 
Sergei has made me laugh after I felt down all morning. 
My family and friends 
was able to fold the laundry while my daughter played quietly. 
my husband 
my partner coming home and having dinner with me, 
nothing 
to have a family that loves me 
completed an application for 3 jobs today. 
Sam understanding me 
Issue at work with bomb threats etc. Remained calm, controlled the situation well. 
my education. 
GOD for being with me all the time 
New shoes 
Being able to visit my home town. 
Stephanie got a baby. 
my dad and my sister 
I"m grateful that she didn't hold a grudge after the incident in class 
Family - Although I may not always want to be around them or not always feel close to them, I know they're 100% there for me and will support me in all of my endeavours. 
1. 
JC Tardy: I was really happy n loved them so much, but i dont really wear them. 
My family and the people who are with us in keeping our house a home. 
I have a roof over my head 
having a roof over my head. 
Having a roof over my head 
1. 
my family and close friends 
liberal friends 
my bed, excited to have better sleep. 
My student given me a teacher's day gift. 
The wall I brought down today over my fear of rejection. 
roof over my head 
healthy children 
tops at T 
juicer / was so excited to get it and start juicing. 
unexpectedly got to leave work 5 hours early 
my health. 
was thankful that my children were having a good time camping out in the living room and watching movies with their friends. 
my husband 
having time for myself this morning....quiet morning with coffee and computer....me time! 
Kittytime 
mental abuse from partner 
My Husband and children are alive and healthy. 
My son is helping me out so much with the house 
1. 
having a good meal 
My husband's patience 
My children and husband 
My parents agreed to take Blythe for the next few days 
Glad I got to school 
have a beautiful place to liveMy children have gained independence 
my mom, She is there for me no matter what 
my family 
That Geoff is financially supportive of me while i am unemployed. 
clients made me laugh 
Data Review Plan meeting was productive and well received. 
sooooo grateful for my grandchildren and I am sooooo grateful for my children! 
A patient that was pleasantly surprised how easy her procedure was. 
My dog is wonderful, sweet, loving, smart, fun. 
The day spent with my boys. 
new shirt 
my children 
My children are precious. 
life , I'm thankful for just being here i.m thankful for my husband for sticking by me as I've been 
the company of my cat, Joonie! 
Stan & Lunes el Perro spent the whole day with me! :-) 
Money! 
parents that love me unconditionally. 
My husband 
the educational opportunity 
shoes 
God 
The Goose 
My cats were all safe when we returned from my trip 
having my own home 
My neighbors are quiet 
made it though a semester of math needing surgery 
greatfull for my wounderfull family and my boyfriend that i love so very much 
My friends 
guitarsweattersunglasses 
my kitchen is nearly finished 
A husband who loves me and will care for me no matter what. 
a peaceful night of sleep with my love Patrick Star. 
loved. 
Pizza. 
woke up in a good mood! 
Patrick read an article I recommended and gave me some positive feedback. 
School. 
have my babies. 
Darrell got to come home at noon today and work from home. 
my mom. 
My amazing boyfriend. 
My health. 
very grateful that I have my dad in my life. 
felt inspired by planning my retreat. 
My dog 
my hubby 
having a wonderful husband & children. 
My husband 
my relationship with my daughter most of all. 
my family - I'm unemployed and they gave me a place to live while I look for a job. 
My friends said many kind things about me. 
Dale 
can work 
junk food 
i have a job 
to have Brett in my life. 
to have Brett in my life and for all he does to help me. 
my family 
my intelligence and ability to achieve 
Grateful for the most wonderful family,without them I wouldn't be here 
my husband who loves and provides for me and is very faithful. 
My family 
Meeting with people I care about on things that matter to me. 
My family and family time. 
the two most important women in my life. 
a movie that I got from netflix. 
my dad helped inspire me to get through my hip injury that I have 
my toddler went to sleep without much of a fight 
the air quality was good 
one of my medical tests turned out okay. 
God for keeping our family safe and away from danger due to heavy rains and typhoon "Maring". 
To have such a lovely wife and son in my life 
have a job and I really am not bad at it. 
New Sweater- I felt like I would look nice after I bought it bc I was going out and didn't have anything warmer to wear in the evening. 
Take a trip overseas with my mom. 
Spending time with Den watching Jeopardy. 
got to work early and got straight into the difficult project - with no interruptions. 
Being able to live with my sister in her beautiful home. 
the fan in my room that keeps me cool and helps me sleep. 
have a job 
being able to spend time at home with my husband after he finishes work and on the weekend. 
my family 
Good health 
To actually enjoy a book in peace and quiet. 
My husband, he is kind and caring and loves me, that makes me feel secure 
my breakfast was healthy and tasted good this morning. 
Seeing Parents after waking up 
Walk in the morning sunshine 
family 
My bass guitar 
my 3 healthy children 
My mom serving me food everyday, tirelessly. 
hard disk 
Help from Kumar in cooking, coffee in the morning 
my family. 
laptop 
My car- I was so happy to have a safe, reliable car that I enjoy driving. 
making the difference between surrender and giving up 
my team 
Sleeping well 
My friends 
The people in my life 
Family 
My being drawn in by Jehovah to learn more about him and his son. 
the peace and quiet Ive had today. 
my family! 
My daughter's smile when she wakes up in the morning. 
my kids enjoyed their first day of school yesterday and today they were BOTH excited about going!! 
to have all the tools I need to competently complete my job. 
My Mom 
the fact that it was not too hot in the apartment, I cannot sleep if it's too hot 
My family's health 
I don't have to worry about the rent getting paid. 
Having a great husband 
That Drew came back to me. 
new iPad - able to allow customers make payments anywhere. 
Food! 
Went to train with Randy. 
beautiful weather 
THE HEALTH AND HAPPINESS OF MY CHILDREN, THEY ARE GOOD KIDS WITH KIND HEARTS AND LEVEL HEADS ON THEIR SHOULDERS 
i woke up on time to get my boyfriend to work. 
my girls' weekend in tahoe. 
Yesterday I was grateful for my boss letting me leave work a little early so I could take rusty to his docs appointment. 
Shelter, my friends and family, people who wish me the best and care about me 
my children are moral and have never been in trouble. 
PEACE 
extremely grateful for my Grandmother and Aunt. 
didn't have to work 
making breakfast for grandchildren 
diamond ring I've always wanted a diamond ring. 
have alot of people who really know what Im about 
Walk with my friend mary jane 
my cuddly dogs who care for me with undying love and affection: and to Uno who makes me laugh all the time. 
my health 
Ryan made me laugh 
Paying rent because I'm leaving with my boyfriend 
I have access to good veterinary care for my cat, so he can be healthy. 
my husband 
to have a solid relationship with someone who motivates me. 
my family 
another weather day allowed me the opportunity to talk and hang out with other people (and I was able to retain my sanity an extra day by having time away from the crew I've spent every day with for the past 2 1/2 months). 
my parents are there always supporting us and loving us 
un classmate ko sa biochem na pinagbuksan ako ng pinto tapos di ako nakapagthankyou..hahaha sahy ko kasi xD 
Flat screen 
My Children 
good health 
my family 
my parents are helping me get started in my new apartment 
blouse 
My sons are healthy, happy and good boys. 
A friend listened to me and did not judge 
How my parents will bring me where I need to go even if they do moan about it 
Jesse did a lot of nice things for me. 
people who want to spend time with me and say nice things. 
My husband 
Por estar sana. 
My husband. 
Shawn. 
A great family, big and small. 
Shawn wiped down the bath tub for me so I could take a hot bath 
My experience and education. 
Laughing while shopping about dressesThe laughter was connecting 
least have a job to come to... 
being able to stay home with my children and spend time with them. 
Ben 
Carla is a great listner 
I found such a perfect apartment to share with Rita, and that I had the money for a deposit today. 
My children. 
to be alive! 
have a home to live in 
Heather Clark, from WestCap. 
Beautiful day. 
My car, my home, all my comforts at home 
my dog loves me 
to have Cade, who understands me, when I feel down. 
Might be able to meet the budget after all! 
having a family 
My family and my home. 
healthy sons, parents that are active and lead rich lives, a supportive community spiritually. 
My oldest son is in College and doing well 
My sons 
my family 
Mom's excitement about seeing jonny tonight 
SO grateful for my Son, & the relationship that we have. 
I have a loving husband that is good with construction type things around the house. 
my wonderful family. 
Family 
Spending time playing Mario Kart with my kids. 
The floor is new and does not smell 
Day off school 
Vacation 
Production Manager listened to my input and incorporated me in the follow-up 
Grateful that my husband is home and we get on well. 
to have loving easy going pets 
having a space to live in that is nice, cozy and allows me to have freedom to work, rest and be happy. 
Grateful that I see my family every night 
Getting married 
My family and friends. 
I have a very patient husband that loves me and my children. 
My son. 
The love and patience of my husband. 
My health 
finding a permanent job 
my family 
I have a supportive husband. 
My Dad's problems with alcohol. 
1. 
Help a friend today 
Company at hospital appt. 
my laptop computer 
so happy I bought this car. 
An old friend that I haven't seen in years let me know she is still there for me 
Spending time with my friend 
have a husband who loves and cares for us. 
3 Pair's Of New Shoe's: Happy Feet :) Comfortable & Practical. 
to be alive 
my husband made a big pot of homemade french onion soup. 
People attending my yoga class 
My son 
My two beautiful kitty cats, I bought them new toys and watching the joy they got from them made me smile. 
Cooked a delicious breakfast with my love. 
Jesse 
told a woman to have a good day. 
Friend came by to help with electrical issue- did not charge for the check up 
My brothers getting home from school safely. 
my children 
My friends are all VERY supportive of my successes. 
I'm not currently dating, I don't have to worry about the stress and agony of getting stuck with someone I'm not that in to, or vice versa. 
Had nice phone call from daughter Valerie 
My parents helped pay for my eye exam. 
No more pushing away an ex boyfriend I already broke up with over and over- it's over! 
Sunshine 
Friends 
talked to my best friend today 
the large house I live in with much room to spread out. 
my coworkers noticed my hard work and rewarded my efforts by vouching for me in UAT. 
Good friends 
when my sister calls me because it makes me feel loved and connected to something outside myself. 
fb video from friend made me smile 
Family 
Friends really do care about me 
My Daughter 
family and friends 
My childrens health 
to be in college . 
my children bring great joy, they are happy souls singing as they clean and walk around the house. 
Being Close to family 
Support from family, feeling accomplished and happy to be working together 
Nanny helps me every day by watching Aiden and sometimes even washing the dishes. 
my children and everything they bring me. 
My job allowed me to sleep in 
my husband 
Good- it's nice to get new clothes for work to look professional 
eventual Death 
had a less stressful day than my coworker, and I guess it made me feel grateful because it take a load off of me. 
Got my daughter down for her nap finally. 
Healthy family 
Taking Benson to run and getting his anxiety down. 
1. 
the apartment I have, the shelter it gives me from the elements. 
my apartment, the roof over my head, the coolness or warmth it provides and the safety of a solid door to lock. 
tv 
my Uncle's support 
The mental things are a bitch to change but I know they are leading me to the better. 
My kids waking up everyday healthy and happy. 
my ability to type. 
To see my family being healthy 
Living in La Honda where the sun shines 
The horses were paddocked correctly. 
my husband answers a call and says uh oh 
my children 
was grateful to play with my grandaughters today 
Help with my son 
Spending the day with Matt 
very grateful for the home I live in and the people living here too. 
to be in a very nice home to live in and good people to live with. 
A new person in my life that I met that is very nice. 
A car so I can get around to important appointments. 
opt-out/unsubscribe 
Friend who listens. 
To be alive 
My team is very supportive of me and are truly concerned about my recent back injury and absence from work. 
my beloved kitty Helmut is still with me after 16 years and that he is still happy and loving. 
i have a job where i like who i work with and they like me. 
my son starting college, 
the type of work I do. 
have been selling at the Symphony 
to have a comfortable home and a large suburban lot that don't bog me down financially, 
x-box 360; I was very excited! 
my skills i have obtained along the way 
enjoyed beautiful sunshine today, and grateful to bring a drink to my thirsty roses. 
to know that my soul is forever safe because God Loves me so much he sent his son Jesus to sacrifice himself to save me. 
I’m so very grateful not just to have a job, but to have a job that allows me to work 100% from home. 
1. 
Ok, so three bubbles have burst in the past... but I'm still standing:1.) 
A new water heater. 
Television ClothingShoes 
going to buy the perfect house. 
to visit with my mother and sister 
Lindsay emailed me back about joining the Women's Small Group, and she is very excited to join. 
i got to talk to heather today--about adventure. 
animals 
was able to visit with a friend, i made my kids happy . 
my father. 
to have this opportunity to make this kind of money 
My friend brought me starbucks this morning 
nordic track 
my garden 
people like Justin and Jason in my life to help me through some of the bad things in my life. 
stevens kindness 
have friends that are up to randomly going out for pancakes. 
to have opportunities in life 
My family and friends. 
Having a family. 
my grandchildren were here 
Electricity makes it possible to be awake this late at night and doing something I hopefully enjoy, i.e., filling out this quiz. 
1. 
My Husband's start time at work was delayed, and it allowed us to sit and have dinner together. 
Mike's loyalty and spirit. 
Being able to express myself among my close knit group of friends 
How others perceive me because I made the impression that will last. 
went on a walk with some friends to relieve some stress. 
1. 
Jeremy folded and finished all the laundry 
The health of my family. 
my talent. 
being alive 
Doing what I want to do 
THANKS FOR MY LIFE 
have nice hair and nice eyes. 
flat screen tv set 
tennis shoes<feel like naked again 
my family 
Hike with friends. 
Husband. 
When I was going through my divorce my now ex husband didn't think I was dealing with the fact that he was going to continue his relationship with his girlfriend and he was not coming back to me. 
my sweet heart is really making me feel better than evr before 
have a roommate that couldn't be more perfect for me. 
to live in a beautiful home with two very caring good friends 
vacation at the lake it really nice 
to work closely with a friend. 
OMing. 
husband 
My boss gave me a raise last week, a little less than expected, but it is better than nothing. 
did a pull up with the assistance of my trainer. 
I have food to eat. 
Health 
Past relationship 
Planning our move home to the UK. . 
Organised all the trip back to the UK 
Friends coming for a coffee and a chat. . 
I have a family who loves and appreciates me. 
to have everybody under one roof...pets included. 
my friend, Jen. 
Homework. 
Ecstatic. 
I don't have to deal with baby daddy drama, the child support issues, the stress of a single mother, etc. 
Got me a soda from the gas station and I didn't even have to nag. 
I'm healthy. 
Terry's awesome cooking. 
to have a job. 
a grateful for the wonderful man in my life. 
A Loving husband 
My husband 
My family and friends 
very grateful for God and my relationship with him. 
2 healthy children 
Laughing with one of my co workers 
Completed my project 
my husband finishing painting that room and hanging the tv back up. 
Good friends that value my friendship and do not take me for granted. 
My husband 
Estatic; elated; shopper's high 
Lynda and Clinton 
my sweet husband: not only does he cook and clean but the man manages to still love me even when he has to deal with my self loathing and depression 
heard from a friend 
My daughter 
Kieran Patrick and our mornings together. 
xxx 
My daughter waking up to say "cuddles mommy" 
Mac make up 
the health insurance I have that allows me to go get wellness checkups every year. 
My car didn't break down. 
able to wake up late today, after having some good dreams, and without being disturbed by the noise of the television outside. 
skinny 
DIdn't have to rush the kids out the door this morning. 
my husband - who shows me daily how much he loves me 
my mother for being able to speak to her telling her how im feeling 
Baby is happy and healthy. 
I can work from home for myself 
having a place to live and funds to pay for school. 
my family. 
Having a job was a big stressor about a year and a half ago. 
nail polish kit 
good friends close by 
Christie sent me an invitation to her cousin's lobster party in September :) 
have a comfortable and familiar place to live, and I don't have to move for another year. 
Mother & I had a good day together 
went to a class to help caregivers, such as myself 
Grateful for my brother and the opportunity to get to know him better and be closer to him 
Picture frames I got a beautiful frame for a good price 
The separate support of family members. 
Went to visit my brother in the nursing home and helped him to get new glasses. 
Grateful for purchasing patients 
having a wonderful caring son and husband 
Having time to breathe. 
I am able to stay at home with my kids, that I don't have to work out side the home. 
My daughter always tells me she loves me, everytime she feels the need to say it. 
Grateful that I was able to spend some time with my good friend before we took the kids to school 
My daughter 
My daughter chatted with me online and sent me photos of her and her new friends in California. 
I have a beautiful home and family. 
to my parents who understands me in each any every aspect and who bares me when I am not patient enough. 
Shower curtain - made me happy because I'm making my house feel like a home. 
tied saree that was gifted by my boyfriend 
really feel like I am top of the world as I have bought my new home. 
To have a nice house to live in and drive a nice car 
Mac and I went to brunch and did crosswords and had a great morning. 
my children and there health 
I was able to watch a funny movie with the kids with minimal interruption. 
My parents: for caring about me and supporting me. 
My family are from the Philippines. 
Red T-shirt 
God made me resourceful. 
Stand mixer: very happy as I saved my money for it. 
chandelier, because it got rid of the awful ceiling fan and created atmosphere 
My amazing son 
i was not in an accident at lunch 
my partner cleaned up the house and bought some food for my return from a recent trip. 
My dear husband whose actually made me feel like he cares for me more than ever 
had help w/a big crowd 
the coffee that helped me through school reregistration. 
Waking up every morin. 
Anne offered to come spend the night with me last night while I wasn't feeling well. 
Kenneth 
a wonderful set of bosses who are amazing folks and really do care for me. 
Even when I make a mistake, my true friends remain my friends. 
Raz woke me up with kisses. 
organizing my kids room without them trashing it in the process 
My family 
My Husband 
cleaned 
wa s able t visit my grandson and daughter today. 
husband 
had a moment to "face time" with my parents 
Mike to talk to about Ravi. 
mini cooper - excitement, fear, happiness, sense of ownership and self expression. 
New fence for backyard 
Seeing Bob at the end of the day. 
My Husband getting healthier and recovering from surgery. 
have a small core of friends that I can really county on. 
God 
very grateful to have my vehicle. 
my family 
don't know 
0 
to my dad for looking up the trimet schedule for me while I was preoccupied. 
my family 
my health, my eye sight, I can walk and talk. 
My son 
My kids across the street love me and come over almost daily to play 
The kids were a lot better when they got up from nap. 
being smart enough to have a good job 
Whoever posted the correct ROM so that i could return my bricked tablet to stock software 
My wonderful mother 
The first item I'm loving again is my family 
Having something to eat 
Being able to enjoy my self without having to do much work 
Family 
Every morning, Mom prepares fruit for me to bring to the office. 
to have my house and food 
We all get to be home together to help one another achieve our goals and dreams. 
generous birthday dinner with friends 
Speakers 
Being in a country where there are opportunities and a good living standard. 
Having Internet. 
Serious depression and anxiety. 
went to the gym. 
Today I went to the dentist to get cavities filled, which I was dreading for weeks. 
My cats are still pretty young and healthy. 
Julia spent a lot of time with me today. 
interacting with wonderful people 
My new shoes.I guess after I wore them they stopped being interesting. 
A roof over my head 
My friends and family trying to help me with my school, my career and find a job 
nice home and location 
I got the fish tank replenished with new water today 
ziggy 
The first item is my cell-phone. 
got to sleep in till 1pm today. 
this beautiful, comfortable place to stay while I work towards my goals 
my health 
house 
1. 
gratefull for having a supportive father and a role model for me to look up too. 
to god for the good health i have got 
my husband 
peace an quiet 
I have a family that's there for me. 
I have the opportunity to make the choices I am able to make. 
my work, my family, my friends. 
Bulk body jewelry- I bought these because I was hoping to sell them individually since I can't find a job. 
A supportive family. 
3 Books by Philippine author F. Sionil Jose 
3 beautiful, healthy, well adjusted daughters. 
got flowers which made me feel appreciated 
My relationship with GodMy childrenMy life 
very grateful for my family. 
have two hands and two legs to work, unlike some unfortunate people who are handicapped. 
My friend's parents are not supportive and most of the time taunts her because she is not a good child. 
MY CHILDREN'S HAPPINESS 
Angel funding came through. 
Shawna's video of her dog howling at his squeaky toy. 
have a job that pays well with good benefits and work with nice people. 
was put on the schedule 
My children, their happiness and success 
Waking up and being allowed to be myself. 
Leaving my country 
Facetiming with my son and his family 
Having a supportive and understanding husband. 
Having breakfast in the morning with some coffee. 
"The Tools" by Phil Stutz and Barry MichelsI bought this book on an impulse but I thoroughly enjoyed it because it relates to me. 
my health 
given the grace to heal from my depression. 
Mum was really supportive about my teeth 
iphone 
My Kindle, my iPhone 4 and my Samsung Galaxy S3 were the most recent purchases I made for myself. 
Taking care of the cats 
yesterday ma brother n i spend some tym 2gethr n hv a lot of fun...as it ws rakshabandhan.n 
Acknowledged by peers 
so grateful that I have healthy, wonderful son! 
having a job, however and whatever got me here was a blessing ! 
have a man that treats me great. 
would feel awesome. 
a loving wife that does so much for our home and our family. 
Every payday is currently a stressful situation and I mange the stress with doing my best to stick to my budget and only buy the needed items. 
The first thing that brightened my day was the ability to work through some major frustrations to realize that my efforts is possibly helping another person. 
my sweet baby girl sleeping on my chest, her new noises, and her bright, inquisitive blue eyes. 
due to using a over the counter facial moisturizer my face broke out in a very bad rash.So i had to purchase a dermatologist recommended moisturizer that was very costly but worth the outcome.i 
received hugs from my classmates 
having a mother and a father to take care of me and love me with all there heart 
I have my own room. 
The ability to work from home. 
My son is happier with his school this year than he was last year. 
Waking up - Felt pretty good! 
having help with chores I don't enjoy at the moment. 
Yesterday was my last day of working at the store. 
would be excited! 
to have a beautiful home. 
the project I am working on right now does not look as daunting as I thought it would be 
I have a loving and caring family. 
my awesome coworkers. 
Hearing from a friend I have not heard from for a long time. 
my laptop 
got to leave work early without stress 
My friend D sent me a fb message letting me know thatI was a breath of fresh air for him. 
i have all that i need in my home 
Finding this website. 
My best friend Kristin came to see me today 
spending time together. 
my family 
my own boss and can treat people like I feel they should - no pressure to sell or coerce. 
God the father, God the son, God the spirit 
would by the new house our family has been wanting for a while. 
My legs. 
My best friend is always there to listen without judging me and I feel so much better when I get to talk to her after a stressful day. 
Black boots - thought I would really wish I had bought them when the weather changes. 
great full for my family. 
give thanks for life. 
My husband 
Chris and I had an honest conversation this morning and it didn't lead to fighting or despair. 
to have a home with hot water and electricity. 
financial independence 
Family 
having a grandma who I can share anything with and gives me a honest answer and also taking care of me. 
each day I get to spend with my sister who has lung cancer. 
do not have to worry about going in to a stressful job as I was finally able to retire. 
gymbosskeyboardrain jacket 
David agrees with me and approached Raviner, who might be interested 
my coworker listened to me about my troubles 
don't have to worry about being stressed out from my relationship to my then boyfriend and whether he was cheating on me. 
the love I have for my friends and family. 
Being able to spend time with extended family in Sydney 
Arooshee vented to me yesterday 
worked the entire day without getting stressed over my performance 
don't have to pay all the bills. 
went and did pilates early this morning 
had a lot of unpressured time to work on my backlog of to dos - very productive day. 
don't have to worry about a bad marriage. 
Waking up in the morning, fairly healthy. 
life 
My children 
Went to a orientation to start ON A CAREER. 
My amazing son who is a quick learner, my love to him and his love to me. 
laughing 
My family 
That people still love me in spite of my weirdness and distance. 
Alcohol - sober since 2005 (actually since 2000 but had one drink New Year's Eve 2004) 
finished editing my book 
I'm no longer in an abusive marriage that brought such pain, misery, and heartache into my life. 
I have amazing employees who are concerned with my health and the way that I feel. 
having parents who understand me better than anyone, and who I can count with. 
to come home to a peaceful house that is my own personal space 
1. 
my children are happlily playing with their frineds 
tidying up b4 kids get up 
to have DK as a friend, because of his sense of humor and being simple and nice. 
health 
My relationship with my brother he's so much fun to be around and talk to 
my kids 
the training a received. 
my family 
today I get to come home to a clean kitchen 
my commute in my little civic, w/ high gas milage and dependability 
chanel bag. 
i am able to pay my bills 
Fur coat! 
fixing the shower head -- HOT water!! 
The beautiful sunrise! 
worked out. 
My Dog. 
being alive 
Access to wisdom and knowledge 
a husband who treats me like an equal and loves me. 
free to act as like. 
god, 
Nyah 
Bluetooth headphones 
being able to provide for my girlfriend who is away at school. 
my new position. 
Navy Pants that I wore to an event. 
have a family that would take care of Jarvis if I ever needed the help 
Stressful "friend" who only wanted to talk about her drama 
rubber bumpers 
My mother waking up, feeling strong and pain free. 
Griffin does chores 
received a bonus check 
A beautiful home 
Dress 
Having a home of my own. 
Grateful to not have to cook my dinner as my mother is helping to ease that stress. 
not stuck in a small apartment with 3 moody teen age girls. 
My mom made all my meals 
complimented my co-workers cup today & that lead to a conversation in regards to possible opportunities in areas that I am interested in. 
Holiday Sweater- seems a waste, no one will see it 
extra people came in 
Beautiful day, the smell of grass, clear skies. 
family i can talk to 
Having a home 
Canvas, colors and brushes- This made me happy because I always wanted to paint and express my feelings, thoughts and ideas. 
having tee call me 
Family and friends a 
mom and dad letting me live here 
very grateful when Nicholai has done dishes or cleaned up while I was at work. 
My kids make me laugh 
fun 
got my results and they were good so i felt proud and grateful because it means i can do what i want to do. 
God. 
Living where I live. 
to have a roof over my head,my family in good health. 
Good paying Occupation 
My family 
son 
My mom still talks to me like I'm normal, like what I do/did didn't hurt her like I know it did. 
don't have to worry about not being loved and loving in return. 
Daphne/Family 
my beautiful home 
my 2 daughters and a very supportive and loving family. 
mini 
Computer 
One friend send me a video very funny about our college. 
Yesterday, I printed some photos which I took with my phone, it was an assignment, but when I saw the photos in my hands.. 
to have friends like Art who send me random things of interest. 
Hubby is not working 
Traffic was awesome. 
have Love.. 
Customer service at work, My father was dizzy and fell, I just took a big deep breath, preyed, ...... Boyfriend got jealous, but I knew it was all ok!!!!! 
My children and husband 
have unconditional love. 
My daughter Natalie makes me grateful... She's so smart. 
my job 
Today was my last day of the kids being in school while I'm still out of school, I go back Monday. 
Tv - made me happy because I had a very old out dated tv that made a funny buzzing noise 
Grateful for my health and my love of looking after my body 
Grateful that the people I love most are still here give my love 
was able to participate in a upward mobility program 
Tracy was back 
having such a loving family 
1. 
was being calm and trying to experience stillness in the midst of the storm 
Ghina Maatouk for bringing me a gift on my Birthday. 
sandals from jcpenny 
Glad I'm healthyI have a job - although it causes stress and not do not always feel appreciated, but I earn good money and is secure. 
Love my son, my pets and my house 
the friends i have 
truly grateful for my loving Husband and beautiful children and good friends that support us as a family and love me/us faults and all. 
My husband. 
A new work bag 
pack of colored pens 
have a nice room 
My family 
family 
My life full of opportunities. 
Had a picnic with great friends 
When I have a good day connecting and making progress with my son who is 09 and autistic. 
alive 
My parents they were kind and left me an inheritance. 
The dinner with my friend last night. 
My Children 
having such an amazing teddy bear since i was born 
My bed 
it is peaceful in my house, No interruptions, Itsnot chaotic 
holiday, sad, nohting to aim for, need new experienses 
the friends I have made doing The Boys in the Photograph. 
my children and grandchildren 
my amazing daughter 
good health and a gorgeous daughter 
BEING WITH FRIENDS 
my loving and supporting family and Girlfriend, who are always there to support me. 
family 
No one bothered me at work 
spending evening with friends 
I have a home and friends and family have helped to provide it and decorate it. 
Smart Phone - Was very happy to buy a touch phone. 
Jeanne and the boys! 
and thankful that we're all in good health 
Having a great Education 
Megan- she's amazing. 
my sister. 
My cat, Abigail. 
my parents 
God 
buying Xbox and then just leaving it in the living room 
I have many plans for next week. 
sari blouse 
My best friend is like my sister 
my cat 
my families support on education 
A new shirt, Really liked the colorJust didn't look that good when I got it home 
The opportunity to begin a new career in sales. 
My husband and how kind and supportive he is. 
Family 
I took the time to put together a very healthy and delicious salad for my family and me. 
new shorts 
my mom gave me money to buy soup today because i was hungry and because she really did not have to do that 
dunno 
Having my husband home this weekend. 
my family 
My helpful lovely gorgeous boyfriend 
Blender, exciting new toy, upset that the money i put into it would be gone, appreciate the time we had 
Having a home 
the social security that i have to rely on 
kitchen rugs. 
Boyfriend excited once started dating I did not care anymore. 
cake 
Have a great family 
shoes 
Aaron because he made me wine and cheese 
H gave me another chance. 
waking up from sleep, grateful that i had one more day in life 
slept well for the 8th straight day! 
Recognizing my wife 
got out for a walk and had a good chat to Poppy 
eaten vegie stuff in the morning as my breakfast ^ 
My teacher and neighbor showed love to me and they pray for me 
very grateful that my mum took me on a walk and it's priceless! 
my friends 
My Job 
My kids and granddaughter-my life had a purpose for them even though I made mistakes, they turned out pretty good. 
Grateful to have two healthy children, and a healthy granddaughter and healthy husband. 
we have a nice home that we are able to pay the notes on after my layoff 
got to work with a few coworkers that i enjoy being around. 
A am part of a beautiful community 
My good health. 
Rob 
Spending time with Alex whether it be watching anime or confiding in each other. 
Grateful for good health 
David on the tractor 
Simplicity 
My ParentsThey have been really supportive in whatever situation i was.How much ever i am gratituous to them,i will not be sufficient!!! 
1. 
all the wonderful friends that I have that truly care about me. 
My friends are so supportive of me. 
Molly - lovey,lovey 
How helpful they are 
woke up this morning 
my husband knows how to fix a lot of thing 
my grandmother for preparing foof for me for college and at home . 
Thank you that I have been able to let out some of my anger through stress relief games in the internet. 
Being able to relax in my home. 
my best friend Xanthe constantly checks in on me, communicates with me, and gives me positive reinforcement, care and concern. 
Cute smile of my 1 n half year nephew in the morning..:) 
my friend told me she loves me 
my mom always tells how beautiful i am and makes me feel good. 
never have to go hungry- I have access to many different foods with good nutritional value 
Dinner today was especially nice. 
Text I recieve from my family 
My dog because he is happy and cute. 
have a husband that loves me very much. 
My husband is not feeling sick. 
Having good friends that I can talk to about anything 
my job 
My kids are healthy 
to be a mother 
my sequined blue purse....made me feel like a mermaid 
New Computer- It made my job easier in the time I had it. 
to have a loving husband who cares about me and wants to see me be all that I can be. 
Went outdoors for a walk with my sister 
to study where I do, thanks to God I have many scholarships that allow me to continue my education. 
Finish my lab work on time so I could go home early 
The office answered the phone when I called and so far, things have been calm. 
new friend 
my husband 
a supportive and caring husband. 
My son 
Dinner was cooked for me 
the fairy necklace , I felt happy because it was different and new and shiny and uniuque, I felt sad when I thought someone was going to take it away, 
i am healthy and i dont get sick that much except for occasional cough and colds 
I have a home to live in as it's cold out there and others aren't so blessed. 
To be able to draw. 
my freedom. 
Family 
my health 
Peace and quiet at home. 
my boss taking the time to check in on me and letting me know that I don't get unnoticed. 
MY Family 
My sweetie 
nice office 
Taking the dog to the dog park with Tabatha and Telohan. 
making good money 
my mom, who didn't raise me but now shares her home and life with me 
now live with my birth Mom, I have for the past 12 years. 
OK, Not Stressing About That being beaten every time I was 5 mins. 
Today I went to pick up my handmade quilt that was being repaired. 
This may sound crazy but I'm grateful for the illness I have, Fibromyalgia, because I have learned to listen, become more self aware, I've had to let go of my old active life, the wild side and slow down. 
have a very nice apartment 
Did a creative project outdoor with the kids 
Talking and being around My girlfriend 
Spending time with my best friend her being here over a difficult weekend and practically my whole life 
being alive a with such good health 
1. 
To have the opportunitty to probe a balance between my personal and professional life with my family 
Meganlyn texted me this morning to see when i was leaving for the Cape. 
to have a family that is well put together and very supportive 
Krystal Busby- We have had our ups and downs but at the end of the day I know she loves me with all of her heart and will be there for me until the end of time. 
having a job 
My jordan spizikes. 
have a job that I'm good at, and like doing. 
New pair of shoes 
I am sitting and writing on this and free to do what I want. 
the shirts I bought from Zalando 
My mom always loving and supporting me even when I get angry at her 
all the possibilities i have 
a very understanding husband 
have the night off from work. 
got a letter from gary 
1. 
Two Metro teams identified twointerim SMs - yay! 
Being able to help others 
A new pair of shoes. 
My life. 
Grateful For I Made My Brother Well Educated , 
already did 
I have a promising career 
I am still married 
living at home with my parents 
and close family 
My husband and his understanding and willingness to try with me 
now in a strong relationship/marriage so know that I have someone to care for and cares for me 
watching television without being interrupted 
Interesting podcasts to listen to 
Having a job to come to every day. 
Caring friendsNew connections to family membersSharing my story 
My cat 
My overall health 
My Camo pants-loved these pants, they looked great, have been sitting in my closet since. 
A pair of new shoes. 
started to contribute a bit more to Danny Sullivans and think more about reconciling the costs 
have a more stable career now 
to be alive , i am breathing, i ate breakfast and have a job to come to 
Having a roof over my head. 
My independant Social Sevurity Income 
true friends not ones that talk about you 
my fiance, who has dealt with so much of my baggage and stress and paranoia and insecurities being thrown at him, and has stayed strong and himself the whole time. 
My fiance leaving me. 
My dentist appt went well - I mean, I need to get my wisdom teeth out, but no cavities this time! 
was in a better mood than usual. 
Great family & friends! 
When I come home from anywhere, My dog 'Aldo' greets me with all his love. 
Grateful for my family 
Katherine likes to do things with me. 
the window in my office 
have a brother who loves me, cares about me and supports me. 
gardening 
job 
My mom being there to help me with my son. 
A job. 
My family 
really grateful to have a wonderful husband who loves me so much and two beautiful girls that are happy and healthy. 
Being able to stand up for myself when I was being made to look like the bad guy. 
Shoes 
cody 
Doing that vega internship 
Jarrett Smelly Whitehead. 
MY DAUGHTER 
My Boyfriend 
My home- it feels comfortable and I'm proud of it 
My husband 
Thankful that we are all alive, disease free and healthy 
My children 
Steve make the coffee in the morning 
Spending Lunch hour with Violet 
Nancy Velez, mi mamá, por darme mucho apoyo,amor incondicional como nonguna otra persona 
Grateful for my cousin and our conversations 
my baby girl. 
My husband picked up Thai food for dinner. 
My new bed. 
pants 
Thankful to have survived ovarian cancer to become a "Mimi" to my two wonderful grandsons, Matthew and Tyler...love them so much! 
dropped my kid off at college yesterday, and she was anxious. 
happily divorced from my emotionally abusive ex husband. 
Being in love with my husband (he's a wonderful person and I am very lucky) 
My boys. 
my son's sobriety and helpfulness 
there are people in my life that want to be apart of my life today. 
sitting at a computer that works. 
Morning cups of tea. 
when I make any progress on one of the rooms of the house we just moved into 
Having a scheduled day off work to focus on my needs and get a little extra rest! 
my new puppy 
my son did the dishes this morning without arguing and fighting with me. 
That small moment when family shares something hilarious that they've read in a book. 
to have such wonderful loving kids 
FRIENDS AND FAMILY 
can live on my own 
My family are safe and healthy 
I have a really intelligent mind and the ability to see abstract concepts and make them logical. 
I have a roof over my head, food in my belly, water, electricity... just all of the basic necessities. 
Having a day off to enjoy. 
Life 
Teens were excited to see me and start the club, seeing them laugh and enjoy all of our company 
my brother is still alive and I am able to spend time with him regardless of how long he has to live. 
1. 
my friends, they are supportive of my decisions even if they disagree with a couple of them. 
over my head. 
my Husband 
my husband ran the sweeper 
relaxing wooded area for walking. 
My Life, My Health, My Abilities 
Allah woke me 
my friend who called me this morning to share something very personal that was giving her stress; because she knew I would help her feel better. 
don't have to worry about making the perfect decisions every time, because I am not perfect. 
Nate responded well to not using the computer and was very helpful around the house. 
my life. 
Get to work with people who are inspired by the mission of TAC. 
chainsaw 
having my own apartment,not being homeless 
living at a home as a student. 
My daughter, having my daughter, she is precious, she is everything happy in my life and I love her more than life itself 
That my relationship with God is becoming more personal 
My health 
have my own place to live 
Dinners with my loved one 
My great health 
My dog 
get to head home right after work today to see my sweet partner 
Visit with family 
Healthy children 
truly grateful for my dog, Tank. 
came back to work today after being sick and everyone was very nice to me and glad to have me back. 
my dog Mason who is always happy to see me and knows when I need to cuddle. 
health 
First, I am grateful that Kaitlyn had a successful first day of 3rd grade. 
have 3 wonderful children that are well behaved and are respectful of others. 
we are not stressing about our future vacation because it is already paid for. 
1. 
going to church on Sunday's and being a helper on the church bus 
My Family 
my family is close, for the most part, and we laugh a lot. 
I am not married to my ex any longer. 
I am honest. 
was worried I'd be coughing on the metro but was not. 
completed one of the tasks for the day 
imm gratefull to be alive and work on looking and feeling better 
my home. 
When Andrew sent me a funny video on Vine of a guy slam dunking on a guy at work and then they started dancing like crazy. 
they took me in 
My car runsI'm employedI don't have rent 
made progress on several projects today. 
Cat box was clean when I got home. 
to have returned to my family today: to be able to spend time with my wife and dog. 
Finishing my dissertation 
my children 
Golf clubs 
Looking around my apartment, I am thankful for how much my parents continue to help me financially. 
My wonderful children 
Making Donna smile with my posts on facebook 
Friends who listen. 
texts 
Husband 
I have a job 
My mom taking Amelia and giving me more time to get things done 
was grateful that Matt and I were able to talk through some hard stuff this morning. 
Television: I wouldn't be able to watch the news or movies. 
All of the blessings that God has given to me. 
My sons and grandchildren. 
I have a job that pays well enough for me to live. 
slept well 
my blessings. 
Vegetable Plants - I was so elated and excited to start my new garden to grow and produce food for my family. 
my son is doing well at Smu 
My mum picked me up from school. 
my grandchildren spent the night and greeted me with wonderful smiles this morning 
i have a wonderful son 
My Friend visited from afar, I was grateful to see her 
Having a great, close relationship with my boys. 
Our house. 
my husband and son. 
my husband and my kids 
unbelievably grateful that Roman fixed the door to the bedroom which was so hard to open and close - such a small thing! 
my family 
My daughter was super excited for her first day of high school. 
my children and their health 
. Grateful for the snuggle time with my puppies. 
The love I have for my pets and how simpatico we seem to be 
Cindy talking to me on the phone 
have a career I love 
having my kids and grandkids 
the kids did not fight so far today. 
My cat. 
My amazing partner - he is my rock, my inspiration. 
any time i can accomplish a full task ex dishes 
Grateful for my wonderful husband. 
I have a job 
friends 
so grateful that I am finally able to draw closer to God. 
I have a home of my own 
Parker and Tempest are always happy to see me 
The love of Jesus Christ 
my healthy family 
My kisses goodnight. 
my niece 
healthy Zane. he is so strong 
i"m grateful fir my dog, Missy 
don't have to worry about having to move to roseville. 
My children are feeling better 
My new house has a well so I don't have a water bill anymore. 
could sleep all day because my husband was home. 
my best friend Liz. 
to have a home with plenty of room and a nice place for the kids. 
My kids are going to the movies with their grandfather. 
My mom 
flat screen tvAfter my old one was stolen, I had a tiny old tv for half a year that actually belonged to someone I dislike and it made me feel deprived and undeserving. 
When my husbands notices me 
Going out with Emile to Sala Rossa on my birthday and meeting his friends Lindsay and Dea 
I came home to a cool house on this very hot day. 
no longer in a violent and angry marriage. 
Grateful that my grandfather wrote letters during the war and that my grandmother saved them for me to find. 
my kids 
my family. 
My car did not break down! 
to have had the energy to cook a meal yesterday, and the ingredients and skills to make it turn out well. 
a sound mind. 
my husband 
alive 
Holly is willing to make my work life better 
don't have to worry about losing my house 
my family 
Spent time with friends yesterday, laughing & having a good time. 
Talked to Hien about Gracie/Ben situation. 
New appliances 
Having a great job. 
have a roof over my head. 
My relationship with my husband. 
i dont have to go to some 9 to 5 job ever day and sit in a box doing some job i hate. 
my sister. 
My parents and their support 
My health 
I can look after three small children and invest my time and love in them. 
Our work force are all working again. 
Thankful for our beautiful yard full of mature trees and colorful flowers. 
Wedding. 
waking up health and alive today. 
Friends willing to help out. 
pick up my daughter 
My Children 
Air conditioning on a hot and humid day like this is so nice. 
protien 
I had time to play on my computer and have some me time. 
kids playing well together at pool 
outside it looks perfect. 
really enjoyed laying in the beanbag chair in the sunshine. 
My son 
to be working with kind and compassionate people. 
Train Case by Sephora... 
was told by a table that I was a really good server 
Productive days 
My daughter 
I had some peaceful time to myself. 
My wonderful husband made a great dinner for us. 
Money. 
Being a wife 
how awesome brad is 
Jojo helped Vacuum today 
my children: they are healthy and smart and beautiful! 
great full for my children ! 
my children. 
have a job 
My Sister, who's always been there when I'm in a pinch 
very grateful that my friend recommended me for a project at work and that the person in charge of that project wants to hire me. 
have a lovely home of my own now . 
Helping mom with bills 
my family 
getting myself mcdonalds 
Having the opportunity to come to this country. 
A new bike. 
just went out and bought my dream care. it is a jaguar , sleek, drives like im on air. the engine has lots of get up and the car is loaded, it has things i did not even know a car could have. 
have friends who care for me and involve me in activities 
Being blessed with four beautiful daughters who love me and I love them. 
being able to spend time with my daughters preparing for college. 
my husband 
my family. 
my brother and father. 
I have a father who listens to me if I have problems. 
Not worrying about being unemployed. 
ALone time 
Family 
My job 
My health 
Having friends who support me during this strange time in my life 
Bryan went out for groceries and bought things especially because I like them -- like organic half and half. 
Support new manager in learning a few new tasks. 
Helped complete overdue tasks on a quick deadline. 
Husband 
my Husband 
my healthy son 
chocolate cupcake! 
someone came and talked to me 
family 
Justin and how he brought Hannah into my life 
Hunter 
Cell phone and wireless internet - I felt free to be away from dial-up. 
Christina coming in early to do binders. 
My friends and family 
was able to get through the bank meeting without breaking down. 
to God for my life. 
Luke 
my family 
A record 
to be alive , 
my mother in law is out of the house for a few hours. 
MY FIRST HUSBAND CAN NOT CAUSE US TROUBLE NOW THAT HE IS DEAD. 
My Brother and I got along 
Nicole, She's smart, beautiful, loving and funny 
strong academically 
all the support my family gives me 
The good morning smiles of my children. 
my computer because I never had my own before and now I can be on the internet doing this activity and watch funny you tube videos. 
my husband. 
rings at the flea market 
my kids 
have a place to say away from hateful hurtful ppl 
my son and his accomplishments 
feel grateful that I have Lucilia as a friend who I can confide in. 
a loving husband. 
Grateful for my career 
my kids 
my best friend Deanna she is there for me always 
the time off my colleagues allowed me to have while still looking after my work 
James 
I felt well enough to go to my grandson's Birthday Party 
Karina Called 
Have stayed on top of keeping kitchen clean 
having a great loving child 
my husband and daughter. 
spun the yarn 
My education. 
enjoyed taking a short nap after work with my spouse and dog. 
had an unpleasant encounter and I covered all my bases well. 
Jason takes care of me. 
The cat. 
watching handicapped lady in wheelchair I am grateful for my health 
Free parking! 
my sisters. 
we have air conditioning! 
was able to go for a long walk with Tolstoy and the sunset was gorgeous. 
I have a home and food to eat. 
Max started first day of school at the magnet school. 
was able to get a lot of work done today. 
boss left early 
Just waking up this morning and not feeling sick to stomach. 
My husband did not yell at me today. 
Grateful for the science that allowed me to be able to walk again. 
my daughter. 
my best friend was successful and found a job, plus shes excited about it! 
my children. 
my family/ kids 
My children 
My children....They make me so proud. 
lectio divina this morning 
my dog Coco, my house and that I can make my payments, my friend colleen, 
My dog. 
My husband is willing to get help now dealing with a problem preventing him from passing a licensing test required for a new job. 
my children and the fact that they are growing up to be productive adults 
my parents and family 
My mommy's pictures are here 
My kids and the amazing human beings they are 
my son 
Keith coming over 
would feel thrilled, accomplished, proud, happy, like I did it! 
my childeren the two i'm not with and the one I have full time , This is when I'm WHOLE 
my loving husband. 
i am not homeless 
My Daughter/ She is the reason i wake up in the morning and try like hell to get thru the day. 
Friends 
My healthy family 
My sister and I can still communicate 
Grateful that I have three healthy children 
MY relationship with my pets 
Phone call from Vivian saying thank you 
running 
Patrick and his help around the house 
To have a job to go to. 
Being able to talk with someone who feels lonely 
Getting my son all set for school. 
a response to my inquiry about a new place to live. 
my kids coming in to get breakfast 
the loving and caring family that I have. 
It was peaceful this morning... no obnoxious phone calls. 
my Mom was able to take her higher dosage of medicine without any issues. 
I have a job my field after graduating and that I have great benefits and get to help others in my community 
to have a job 
Julie 
my partner, who is with me for now. 
my husband let me sleep in this morning after I had a bout of insomnia. 
Having friends to spend time with, spending time with family, working out some of our problems (between me and my spouse) 
was able to exercise with less difficulty than I expected. 
cell phone 
my family and my friends and my best friend shawn sayre is has always been there for me and I love all of them with all my heart and soul 
my kids. 
was struggling to get our Quicken to balance- there were several inexplicable errors that had just popped up, long awful process, ugh. 
diamond ring/matching earrings. 
The gift of being a Mom to my wonderful incredible son, Jason James Williams II, and, my wonderful incredible son, Scottie LaVelle!! 
Henry had a good day at school 
1. 
the love and laughter my animals give me. 
my garden this year: to watch my vegetables and flowers thrive with my care 
ran into Cathy. 
I have a job 
Gardening supplies-creates an eagerness to plant and grow things. 
got to play one of my favorite online games, and i felt good about that. 
my boss said something nice 
My house: I am grateful to have a roof over my head. 
iPhone 
had the opportunity to sing backups for JOSH GROBAN in concert! 
people did not react badly to note I wrote 
Travis is getting better 
my baby 
Family 
family 
my children are safe and home with me 
my kids, one daughter and one son, thanks alot to my God who gave great gift to me in the form of my kids 
my boss & his wife. 
the smell of new, it works so much better than the other one. 
the help of my son. 
My girlfriend 
Living in San Diego by the beach and bay 
A husband who loves me and who doesn't abuse me in any way. 
had the time and energy to actively participate in my monthly book club with women I enjoy. 
1. 
Jim 
My family has a nice house to live in 
ok. 
Friends are concerned about healthy food, like I am. 
He did the dishes, meeting needs for support and cleanliness. 
1. 
I enjoy spending time with my sweetie. 
My husband 
NOT TO TAKE MY THINGS FOR GRANTED 
My co-workers are interacting with me more 
Yoga 
my for all the support from family and friends through this little rough spot 
Phil listened to me explain my need to resolve problems at the deepest level. 
My daughter and family 
to have reconnected with someone I cared about very much from my past. 
An old ex came to visit me today, he is a good friend now. 
being able to go to the beach with my son and relax together and watch him read and chat together 
Gary rang to say he got the loan 
My health 
Having Linda to talk to. 
have the greatest mother in the world. 
got a new pillow that really helped me sleep last night! 
Financial stress. 
to have a home where I feel safe and warm, space to move around, plant and animal life. 
faux fur boots 
a safe place to live 
to have a beautiful, modern, safe home with all of the creature comforts I could ask for. 
I have the opportunity to work with some wonderful children and become a very important part in their lives. 
was able to vacuum the carpet without too much pain 
My Husband is a great person and helps me a lot. 
My beautiful boy. 
I have a great group of people to work with 
Having a roof over my head 
my beautiful sons 
gucchi had a good day at school 
Jesus love for me 
getting up today 
my room. 
sun 
My daughter and dogs were well behaved. 
1. 
Jen , Jonny and Doug- they love me no matter what person that I am each day, even if I don't love myself very much sometimes 
my partner. 
My co-worker helped me get a head start on a project 
have a new friend 
my children eventho i hardley see them 
My kids and grandkids. 
do have more stress now but lets focus on what is at hand here on the positive of what stress is gone at this time. 
First of all I am grateful that the garden produced a good crop this year. 
don't worry about "time". 
Lovely spacious garden we have, helps to relax 
Breakfast in bed with my family, fun, giggles, cuddles 
c will watch my cats 
New washing machine - I was so excited with my new washing machine as it is a front loader and you can see the clothes being washed...pathetic I know!! 
My husband cooked dinner yesterday and washed up, while I was able to have a hot bath.2. 
a chance to change for the better 
Time with rob n rosie 
1. 
greatfull for my family even tho I push them away they still there 
HOME 
my house that we own. 
having a roof over my daughters head 
My husband 
computer 
blue sky 
a book 
Yesterday a friend phoned and encouraged me to attend art class today 
meditating this morning I found some deeply quiet moments. 
my job 
steady jobs. 
got to enjoy time with my husband. 
celebrated my 4th wedding anniversary today. 
Mother earthSun, earth - The warmth on my back and the brightness of it and all of nature. 
1. 
our pool on a hot day. 
My partner, dog and famil 
all the modern gadgets I have. 
most grateful for Taylor. 
my workspace 
my spiritual health. 
that i woke up in a great mood this morning 
My car. 
Received a call from my realtor about a truly good lead on a possible offer on my house in South Bend. 
the health of my family 
la michy mi ha cambiato appuntamento 
paracadute fatto 
meeting con sabrina è andato bene e mi ha detto delle cose belle 
sono intelligente 
to have nice things: furniture, a workspace, books, blankets... 
Paying for Grad School: Yes, we do have to pay for a small portion of my MHA and my husband's MBA, but I am thankful we are able to utilize my employer benefit and not take out loans for the remainder. 
My health 
That my family is all healthy and alive 
friends 
It gave me time to reflect on my thoughts and journal about it. 
My old roommate picked me up this morning for work and took me to Starbucks. 
my children. 
Daphne calling to say hello 
My children, all six of them. 
New Eileen Fisher dress. 
My precious children. 
Quietness. 
Seeing my kids happy and playing and spending time together 
shoes 
waking up to see my black lab lola. 
got out and walked 
My girlfriend washing my clothes with hers almost every night. 
having an undisturbed sleep - A. had cat sleep in his room so I wasn't woken at sillyo'clock in the morning 
The job I have 
My current good health 
Invited to Devon for a few days. 
being with my love Michael 
My boss said thank you 
feel grateful/thankful for Alex being in a good mood and making me smile with her humour and that she didnt talk about herself all night. 
Grateful that I achieved the level of success that I have so far in my life. 
FamilyTake advantage of the fact they are always there for me but if tables were turned I don't feel confident I could be there for them the same way. 
Prioritize and Organize: Not enough hours in the day complete all the minds thought processes, Trying to utilize every moment wisely. 
No one yelled at me today 
The week my office-mate was off, I rocked it at work 
found out some concrete facts about work 
to have a pantry full of food and the knowledge on how to cook a healthy and complete meal for my daughter. 
my family. 
PAIR OF HEELS 
Read a funny from a friend. 
a home that is ours and not falling apart. 
grey and white striped dress.... love it for a week. 
My husband taught our daughter a sport that she has passion and dedication to. 
went to my tops meeting and lost and got a secret pal. 
I have a nice house that is not falling apart. 
my sons 
healthy 
My Children 
My husband 
today is over! 
my family and being able to provide a safe home for them to grow up in. 
I can get my Undecided posts done everyday. 
I am healthy, and that my children and grandchildren are healthy and happy, 
My children and there happiness is very important to me. 
the fact that God woke me up this morning. 
My grandfather is my rock. 
My daughter got accepted to a good university 
Grateful for getting along with the drs. 
Woke up and got to work on time 
My daughter returned safely from a weekend trip 
My four beautiful healthy kids. 
My daughter did her chores before I got home! 
really grateful for my friend Silverhawk on Wartune. 
my family. 
Got a lot of errands done at lunch. 
Not having to move. 
my cat, 
I did not loose my home, that we are finacly secure now. 
Grateful for my computer and the socialization it gives me, like finding out that Trudy talked to Eric and he's happy. 
Eric tracked me down after Otis died. 
Trudy's friendship 
praying and being miserable for days, Hope is returning. 
My dog Bonsai makes my life great by providing me with unconditional love and uplifting companionship 
1. 
1. 
Char sent a Beatles CD 
he said my letter was beautiful 
my adopted mom is very affectionate. 
I have friends on facebook who accept me for who I am unconditionally. 
my husband, who loves me without question. 
My husband 
an aunt for the first time. 
My parents. 
My family 
getting merlin back 
Life, it's a blessing to be able to live and breathe and work through things. 
got caught up on chores today. 
My children 
That my husband works so that I can stay at home and take care of the dogs. 
friends liked my pic and post 
haven't been yelled at by a contact yet. 
my apartment . 
my Hon because he loves me. 
was able to wake up this morning. 
my sweet baby cat, Wednesday! 
Grateful that I have a roof over my head. 
My job. 
Studed Black Heels 
if I finally was a 'normal' person who has finally gotten something for all the hard work I put into getting an education and being a positive, productive member of society. 
the new job I have. 
to have a roof over my head 
members of my family are healthy. 
Thankful that my health insurance problem was straightened out. 
the $180 order got delivered. 
My daughter 
Caring coworkers - they care about me and I can count on them even if I need them for personal drama. 
Getting my appointments and things done around the house. 
was grateful i could have break with my husband 
a funny coworker 
Spending time playing with my daughter. 
Facebook has let me connect and stay connected with people I'd have lost track of before. 
stroke 
My health 
A place to live. 
my kids 
New Bed : It made me happy knowing that I might be able to get a good night sleep & not hurt in the am. 
I got the junk drawer organized 
grandchildren 
the friends that I have. 
combat boots from macysdisappointment 
made some improvements on not telling lies anymoreand I am hoping to stay true to my statements. 
my Mom and the things she gave me to stop my apartment from making me sick! 
Engaging more to get kids off to school in morning so I can get to work on time and not already stressed to start the day. 
Loving family and good friends 
leather jacket. 
my mom,who takes great care of Sami - even though she is a handful 
having an job with a kind and understanding boss 
Chelsea sat with me while I cried. 
my life 
my dogs are still healthy/alive despite some issues , they are very old 
truly grateful that I have a roof over my head. 
The death of my Mother. 
My friend loaned me her grocery basket so I could go grocery shopping. 
Independence 
grandsons 
my family. 
My animalsMy incomeTerryfriendshelpful neighbors 
Still having my Dad here with us 
Having a wonderful family 
I was able to go out today and do my class homework away from home, feeling happy to be out doing something other than sitting at home. 
my beautiful healthy daughter 
to have a comfortable place to live. 
roof over my head 
the old vent-a-hood is gone an the new one was put in today. 
My children are excited for me and encourage me now that I finally have a job interview. 
Finding that I do have a canner in the basement to process some tomato juice from the beautiful tomatoes in garden. 
my health 
Caught up with some of my favorite co-workers that I hadn't seen in a while - Tami, Kim and Kim. 
Text from P after explaining I wouldn't make it out to see her this week. 
my life 
New Clothes---Honestly I probably wouldnt miss anything if someone took them 
Spending time with each other 
My children and grandchild 
great coworkers 
My mother. 
I have a home and food in my fridge. 
my hubby 
subliminal success tracks 
Macie 
being alive 
won $50 bucks on a scratcher ticket! 
Enough $ to pay all my bills this month. 
My faith in God to provide for us regardless of the challenges the world has for us. 
family 
Fantastic family! 
food in my stomach and in the house 
She shares many of the same passions 
Grateful for having a fulltime job 
healthy family 
Makeup! 
having rigatoni dinner with my daughter Sarah 
my son called from college 
My Family 
Healthy, loving, smart, funny, cool kids. 
My children 
Dan came to get me for a meeting that was off schedule when he said he would. 
to be alive and my relationship with God 
my son 
wonderful parents and family. 
Eric is super easy to get ready for school in the mornings. 
my health 
Glad my coworker Vamshi took the time to go over his next project with me. 
My husband cleaned up the dog poop, and threw the ball for Mallory. 
Our home! 
Jenna, for her love, support and willingness to help me to get done what I need to, since my car died. 
My beautiful Tonya. 
No longer being under the spell of anxiety. 
to be home in pittsburgh with my daughters 
My husband is awesome and nice. 
I am good at my job. 
My car stereo. 
was able to get really great sleep last night. 
I don't work in the escrow office anymore, there were a few really nice people there, but it was too stressful. 
saw four deer in the parking lot eating as I was there, it was a nice quiet moment. 
It was sunny during my break when I had my snack. 
brought food to share. 
money 
my job, being able to go to work - Janice Jones talking with me and being kind to me - Joe Joiner taking his time to call me back and listen - Sharon Groomes for calling me yesterday and telling me to work hard and prove myself - my husband Danny for his love and support through this difficult time at Houchens Industries - being transferred to Mt Victor Lane from Rockfield - my children Jennifer and Jason - my sisters 
my family 
the kindness and help in getting my life on track.like the people that are in my life and they don't treat me bad, they relate and share they get it cuz the got through it, or they are in it and are walking the same crap looking for the right thing to for themselves and loved ones. 
my kids health 
multi-stone necklace 
My car, if someone took my car I would die. 
to be relatively healthy. 
my new home 
enjoyed listening to my children laugh and play. 
don't have to worry about my tv shows because I record them. 
Having mid-day beers with Nancy at Chaibo and catching up on her trip to New York. 
friends 
Having a grandmother who supports me in everything that I do. 
iPad - I thought it would help with work and allow me to read magazines in color. 
Thankful for my wonderful sweet boy. 
Lisa S. is there nearly every day. 
1. 
got to get groceries today... 
Omega Necklace 
I. Lilia txt me to include me in getting ready for sarikas wedding 
being able to continue my role as a stay at home mom while going to college online. 
the company I had today and tonite. 
Thankful that I own my own home.... 
Juicy Hand Wallet with cellphone slotI have been looking to get this and finally got it with 30% OFF. 
1. 
Beautiful office with bright windows 
my boys 
virginia calling to see how I was 
The first thing I'm grateful for today regarding work was working on building a better rapport with my coworkers. 
we all come together and have dinner ! 
Grateful for the Light of the Gospel. 
was able to go on a run and appreciate my quite time outdoors and destress, uninterrupted and with no time constraints or pending stress to address. it was relieving and enjoyable. 
wife made me lunch for work 
My MacBook 
would by myself a vacation to take just by myself. 
live with my parents, and they dont make me pay for anything :D 
my brianna, she is the light of my life 
good husband 
Today I had enough time and motivation to get through my Russian work, and although I am insecure about my skill level I am confident that my professor and colleagues will help without patronizing me. 
feeling better 
I spoke to both my children and grandson and told all of them that I love them. 
Sold house in Waco. 
My children 
My children. 
the time I got to spend with my grandmother yesterday. 
marriagejobhealthfreedomchildren 
Being able to pick up both my kiddos. 
to have found a partner that loves me for me and supports me in all my hopes and dreams. 
very grateful for my son. 
Today was a very great day. 
my kids 
clothes 
sleeping in- I have been very tired and the extra sleep feels great 
My husband is an amazing man, and I am so grateful for him! 
being so talented in my drawings I never knew I came so far 
No stress involving my daughter 
Was able to get the sleep I needed 
My friend Cenit offered advice for my website. 
the love and support of my three children, Michael, Amy and Lauren. 
Neighbor went to pick up my prescriptions. 
That God has given me another day to try to be joyful and thankful for His love. 
sims 3 expansion pack--was excited, happy, 
my children and their health. 
having Gage my Grandson in my life and in my home. 
to have Becky, Patrick, and Bryant in my life. 
Seeing Jayda have fun outside with me and Justin in the driveway. 
1. 
had a wonderful breakfast out with a very special man. 
a quiet day 
not being ill, helping someone who is ill 
my 3 kids 
Talked to my daughter on phone. 
Tom got a new job! 
a few minutes of peace to do my work 
new wallet new sneakers, new bird feeder 
family was home 
living and waking up every day plusHaving a great time with my grandson andseeing my children. 
When my children call. 
such a beautiful son in my life. 
woke up this morning. 
very grateful for my family. 
reconnecting with an old boyfriend that has opened the door to possibilities for me and the boys. 
To be alive 
my friend Laura for listening to me when I over-react about stuff. 
was complemented on my look today. 
my home 
my family 
most grateful for my family they always are there for me. 
My good health. 
I have some close family members still around me and that my mother and I have some level of peace in our relationship at this time 
My parents, I wouldn't be alive without them. 
My husband made me dinner 
A patron with mental illness trying to push my buttons, but I didn't let her get to me and stayed calm 
learned something new. 
My Family 
A picture from Cheyenne.Summer is back! 
have less neck pain from a recent fall because I have visited the chiropractor every day this week! 
i had an hour lunch today 
Being able to buy the materials for and start making Teddy's bunk bed. 
my kids are not sick and are very healthy. 
to have gum. 
1. 
shoesearringshair piece 
My bed is made all crispy 
My dad giving me advice to the best of his ability. 
Would have to be clothes-love my Dillards dresses 
work was done when I came in. 
My Husband 
my children are healthy 
having faith in God above! 
My aunt Jeanenes death 
the opportunity to take my son to the water park today. 
My husband and son 
very proud of my son and the man he has become, he is a hard worker, a good man to his girlfriend, and a loving son 
A healthy, kind and loving daughter. 
To be alive 
Jonathan made the mosts amazing spaghetti today. 
My boyfriendmy computermy health 
Receiving support and new insights at our tribal truth gathering 
I have a safe, secure home 
Coaching practice with Yuliya that was very enlightening 
My parents whose words of wisdom I can always count on to see me through my meltdowns... 
Reminds you things that are important 
My home 
woke up with my granddaughter by myside. 
being alive. 
My husband and how much he loves me. 
my family being healthy 
i have 2 awesome kids... they keep me in line and are the reason I wake up every day. 
have a sweet kitty that loves me and that makes me feel good every day 
My kids and that maureen is still alive and doing well and reese is healthy and makes me proud 
have great co-workers and friends. 
my daughter and granddaughters. 
was grateful for the cab ride to the store 
have a husband who loves me for 29yrs now. 
we are working with some awesome folks. 
my children 
1. 
my kids 
Pepe 
Susana 
My Sweetie. 
a compliment from my coworker who said that I was exceeding expectations at work and everyone is noticing it. 
all of the love I feel from my family 
my friends, even tho they are far away I have a good group of friends 
My Harley Boots are the best boots ever. 
Secondlife Lindenshappy because I can buy things in game so I can play with my Master online since there is no way to do that now. 
Katey got up and did some chores without getting mad that I asked her. 
cooked dinner and prepared lunches without any interruptions. 
My dog Brody. 
I'd buy a house in the beautiful Santa Monica Mountains where I live. 
my family who supports me 
My husband worked out a problem by himself 
My kids are healthy 
Driving to school 
My husbands kindness 
a good income. 
The sun really made me feel better 
I have the ability to work two jobs. 
Life - because I'm able to experience new things everyday. 
most grateful for my beautiful grand children, Ivan and Alice. 
to have a place to live. 
talking with my daughter today and catching up on her and the kids. 
Good practice last nightWas the first time I ever felt comfortable making suggestions about the set or presentation. 
Rearranged my desk to work better for me.. 
Ashley's work ethic. 
My co workers are amazing! 
woke up this morning after a good night's sleep in my own bed, in my own room, in a home that I don't own but have been able to live in for over 2 decades. 
A husband who is very good to me and loves me. 
just thankful that i was able to meet with my boss and clear the air about what she viewed and thought to be truth-- i was able to share the real truth of the matter- to mean i had successfully executed more than one action- 
my cousin was over for a visit and as she was walking down the stairs (she has bad knees) her knee gave way and she fell down-- her kids/we all watched in horror. 
Being able to be at home, with no worries of having to get out and make a living for my family. 
my love of my life 
my husband is a hard worker and good provider. 
I have a 7 year old little girl who tells me she loves me 25 times a day and thinks I'm the best mom in the world. 
kindness 
My IPad I would not like to return to life without it. 
My children 
family they are healthy and doing well 
The first thing I'm grateful for is my kids, of course. 
Grateful for having this home with my daughter. 
customer commented on how friendly I was 
Having a job I love doing working with some of the best people 
Being alive and healthy 
My incredible boyfriend. 
Write about the first thing you're grateful for 
Happy that i moved out west 
want to appreciate my home since so many don't have one or are fighting to keep one 
work 
have a happy, healthy son. 
I have two healthy boys who love me & I love them 
Healthy and happy children make me happy - I am thrilled to get the opportunity to be a mom and my children were a great gift. 
My home, and my family 
The first thing I am grateful for is waking up the sound of my son. 
The day was calm with no drama. 
have a great relationship with all my kids. 
my husband who supports me.he allows me to be myself, and when I want something, and if we can afford it, I can usually get it.He puts up with a lot of my quirks. 
my friend, Joe, without whom I would go bat sh** insane! 
very grateful for having friends who truly care about me. 
Pleasing people is one of my biggest stresses. 
1. 
There's quite a few, but I'm most grateful for my fiance for encouraging me to look deep inside myself...and caring about every part of my well-being. 
I bought myself a large and newly built home in the suburbs, I would be absolutely happy because I have my own place, then show it off to others. 
1. 
had enough money to buy my son a new bike 
my son brushed his teeth tonight without arguing about it. 
Go home 15 minutes early and not feeling guilty. 
Being able to walk without using a cane for two days in a row after two years of relying on one. 
own my home 
got a phone call from a friend 
adding class and style to our home 
the love and support my mother showed me when I wasn't feeling well. 
My Husband who is my best friend and loves me so much. 
my difficulties, I have a good family on my side 
New black pants: Happy finally found a pair that's the right fabric, fit and style. 
Quincy's Mickey ears: I was so happy when i found them because I thought they would look so cute on him. 
Jennifer asked if i would mentor her. 
Flat-screen tv - my old tv was an archaic monolithic ogre, too heavy for me to move to a place of optimum viewing. 
My husband understanding that the FMS is my problem, not laziness 
my family and their unconditional love. 
my apricot trees. 
went with the Elders to visit with an investigator 
Thankful for my four furry dogs. 
Story time with Jack 
Good health, sound mind 
Having my own place, my own space, to come home to 
my pets greeting me at the door when I walk in every day. 
having dinner with ant & chris 
my horse 
had a great meal tonight 
Nothing really, I guess the student apartment I am getting , thanks to student loans and my car. 
Was able to have some me time 
Having good friends like Andrea to talk to and who care about me. 
found some awesome Chinese Vector art 
1. 
beach cruiser - happy, goal accomplished taken away - upset 
My friend was there to talk to 
random people telling me i'm pretty is fun 
our new home and being able to afford life's basic costs now. 
Having hubby come home safely 
1. 
My father is still alive and I get to see him everyday 
my cat 
על החיים שלי 
My ability to learn 
clothes 
When a friend picks me up when I'm broke. 
Yesterday, I got the call from HR about coming in for my orientation. 
got an extension on an assignment. 
the positive and supporting team I work with each day 
health 
Kaiya 
my daughter finally found a school that she likes. 
Skirt 
computer 
my dog Gizmo 
My children are healthy and beautiful. 
don't stress as much as I used to about my son getting in trouble. 
seeing Ryan 
Living by the sea 
was more in touch with my sensitive side today. 
My boss was angry at me when I forgot a small job he gave, but once I said I was sorry and wont repeat that mistake, he smiled back and cooled things down. 
My father 
learnt to the value of trust 
good class. 
my carmy eggmy wood chest 
Adam and our teamwork toward improving ourselves. 
Ms. Williams tested my group of kids 5th period in the media center. 
great-full to life for lot many things. 
Boyfriend brought a plush toy for me. 
a comfortable couch to sit on 
New, larger, flat-screen TV. 
When I trained a team of staff, it worked out really successfully 
my daughter bought me a vacuum 
going to start up a gratitude journal. 
Being able to have the home I do. 
my wonderful husband who has stayed with me through all my stress and unproductive ways of dealing with it 
My brothers did the dishes after dinner so I didn't have to! 
John helping pursue my creative golfing goals 
my family understands my lack of cooking full meals! 
I have five healthy children that excel in school and are free from physical and mental handicaps. 
That my grand-daughter is due in a few weeks!! 
got to take a day off. 
Talked to ken 
a partner whose personality and wiring is very different from mine. 
share unconditional love with my grandchildren. 
My health and my children's health 
I am a child of the most High God and that he loves me no matter what i do 
my husband and our relationship. 
talked to friends 
I have an understand husband because I am overwhelmed with grief and he let's me mourn the way I want to. 
my amazing roommatefor getting to go to the bathroom or take a shower uninterrupted 
When my daughters father was trying to disagree with me wanting him to not cuss in front of her, I took a deep breath and just explained calmly that I do not approve without flipping out on him. 
friends who support my thoughts and feelings 
yet another day of life! 
Thankful for a loving husband and family 
The social support 
no longer have to worry about the drama my mother causes, or what her ulterior motives may be for being nice to me. 
my friends good health. 
Music Bullet - I really didn't want it or need it. 
to live on a large property that allows me to do the things I love -- gardening, doing yoga, raising chickens. 
my husband and my grandson. 
my daughter woke me up to say goodbye before she left for work today. 
to be shedding unwanted pounds. 
to have family and friends that love me 
It was rather nice to be greeted by my boss with a smile and an "good morning." 
My partner seems to be getting some work and we tight on money, but I know how to budget and make ends meet. 
my kids 
my husband 
Dinner where we all eat together and no one gets angry. 
my husband and I have made a commitment to regular fitness. 
god my mom and my dad 
having a room in the house that's just for me. 
my husband washed the dishes 
my dogs that keep me company and love me unconditionaly. 
made a friend happy by passing along good news, and we talked about new music. 
to have a loving family, a home and food to eat. 
my friend Kim invited, and took me out for my birthday. 
Blood glucose was lower 
relationships that keep me connected 
so very grateful for my family. 
to have spoken to my Colleague 
enjoying time with my husband on his day off,drinking our morning coffee together and playing a card game together. 
Greatful that denise has only flirted with women 
new house 
Have a cute and relaxing apartment 
a husband that appreciates the things I do around here 
My husband 
so so thankful for my kids. 
went to visit my mom yesterday and I got more insight about her life and it made me feel appreciative that she worked hard to not let my sister and I grow up in the same way 
my mom likes to support me on a raw vegan diet. 
My husband he is God's blessing to me. 
A friend sent me an email with important work docs to help with my transition back to work. 
my children are rarely mouthy. 
My ex husband is no longer my problem. 
a place to live 
karl surprised me with top up 
My Mom 
my husband took Justin to soccer practice and helped a friend move boxes 
A loving Mother and Father.Hugging my puppy Annie.A place of support when things get rough. 
A colleague of mine just offered me a very valuable volunteer position in his organization. 
my acoustic guitar, although I don't play it as much as I should, the times I do play it brings feelings of accomplishment and relaxation. 
A roof over my head,running water, abed, food etc 
Having a home 
My dog cuddling up with me makes me feel happy. 
a loving husband, a silly daughter, a house, a car and a healthy family 
the money that I have that my mother has sent to me when I asked for help. 
My daughters 
Looking for the Myrtle Reed books. 
to my Sister Lyn' for all her support,and love. 
Justin, especially how he always makes me smile and keeps me from overthinking things and freaking out. 
have a wonderful husband who is a kind human being 
Check status' were sent by Sharad without any follow up 
Delayed 2 - 3 hours on train - just accept it for what it is and realize it is out of my control 
Only have one I can think of, my car, I wanted that blue equinox so badly. 
Family 
I woke up this morning 
greateful for my son who is my reason to smile 
where i live 
Iam grateful for my granddaughter, waking up to the smiling face of my five year old makes me happy every day. 
spent the last 3 days playing with Faith, Landen and Bella! 
My girls. 
the supportive circle of friends that I have in my life. 
having 2 wonderful boys 
a home to live in 
My Kids 
To improve my posture. 
having wendy for a friend 
kayaking w friends 
Nelson (Husband) 
My boyfriend brought me roses and my favorite ice cream to surprise me yesterday. 
my hubby. 
i have a job that i love! i happily go to work each and every day with a smile! 
waking up 
My daughter woke up happy 
Able to work from home 
special needs. 
My son wrote to me 
My family and friends. 
friend checks up on me when sick 
my children. 
wanted the dressers, i shopped and shopped and now I don't use them. 
Learning who Jesus is. 
don't have to stress myself working to many hours and not enjoying life 
Lee cooking breakfast when I got back. 
Michael 
Chuck wants me to attend his gigs, even though I am not happy with the way I look. 
Bill and I watched a nature show last night after Nevaeha went to bed. 
My current health statusMy familyMy friendsMy voice ( the opportunity to say what I without reprimand) 
Living close to my place of employment. 
Bamboo tabletThis took me a long time to decide to buy, and then a great hassle to even find. 
Free Lunch 
Godmy sponsora place to live 
My children's self efficiency and effectiveness. 
life because once i nearly died i am grateful for love i found for my children for my creative passion and nature that reminds me of god and all creation. 
A home in the country where I can enjoy gardening, doing what I want without neighbors right next to me, having my horses, goats and chickens close, and enjoy the peace and quiet that comes with country living. 
My children and my grand children, I love my children and and grand children I wish I could help them more to achieve their dreams and reach their goals.... 
My life 
i have a happy healthy child. 
forgod 
look pretty today. 
have a chance to rest today after the rain and I am thankful to be with my beloved dog, Rascal. 
My husband is an amazing help 
Dawn invited me to a women's retreat in Anaheim. 
my boyfriend. 
Having a wonderful boyfriend who loves me 
kids are healthy and doing ok 
MY SON,HES THE BEST THING THAT EVER HAPPENEDIN MY LIFE 
Tiger is happy & as healthy as possible. 
Financial. 
Being alive. 
A roof over my head 
Having some quite time while my son and daughter are taking their naps. 
Elana is so wonderful. 
I were to buy a motorcycle I'd feel so good-- right after buying it i'd ride it all over town, take pictures of it, and post to the Furies board and FB about it. 
Howard trying his best to take care of me; bringing me coffee in the morning and making sure I bring a healthy lunch to work... and making sure I don't leave the house with a curler in my hair! 
able to rely on my colleagues for advice and support 
My children 
Mom and I finished canning peaches and tomatoes successfully, without incident. 
food. 
my son and my daughter. 
My husband, Tom. 
To My Family put them threw hell and back and they still are by my side 
The air conditioner broke but thank goodness is not that hot! 
My husband 
Yesterday during practice I had a jam where I mo-hawked on the outside of the pack and completed my pass skating backwards...followed by another pass where I timed it perfectly and called off the jam before the other jammer ever got out. 
Today, as soon as I got to work, my shop was assigned 5 aircraft preps. 
Closeness to familyGood friendspetsgood fresh veggieswoodscrowsgood coworkers 
so appreciative of Kelsey being a big helper 
Happy to be responsible for my daughter and myself 
My amazing Children! 
Having an education. 
my cats waking me up 
Bob. 
Having a good daughter, intelligent. 
5 am dishes 
Mit being so happy to see me and giving me a big hug. 
the support network through the WCA 
Flavia Work Out Videos--made me happy because they gave me hope to get fit and feel more confident about myself 
My granddaughter was not seriously ill 
a husband who is truly supportive of my health and well-being. 
New washer and dryer 
have my cats, who entertain me and whom I take care of. 
ALL THE NO SHOWS WERE NICE 
Jay is cooking me a lovely and thoughtful dinner tonight 
was able to work from home. 
Having a job to come to 
having such a wonderful family. 
my kids 
1. 
Was not depressed yesterday. 
1. 
my health 
green gables. 
very grateful for my house that I live in. 
to be alive. 
Being with the cats! 
ever so grateful that I was able to sleep in this morning. 
to have the money to take care of myself, such as getting a hair cut, and taking a cab to see Richard. 
to Carol and Pierce for giving me a great place to live and work, and a fun child to play with 
took charge and got Ben to the doctor and his medication, and the antibiotic was free. 
I've kept calm when Ben has thrown tantrums, and the frequency and severity are improving. 
My mum because she gives me fantastic advice and support, even when she has a lot to deal with herself. 
my partner Bonnie she is the most loving,kindest and most supportive person in my life 
to be alive, and sober! 
There are few things I buy that I lust after besides vacation. 
My son james. 
My kids are not little anymore! 
have a place to stay. 
I spent some time with my youngest at the park yesterday and that we went out again today. 
My mate. 
work with funny, nice, helpful people. 
being in a loving relationship. 
Roof over my head 
kids having a great start for the new school year 
eating a meal with my children 
New tire for my car - I felt relief but still stressed knowing I need 2 more in order to feel safer in my car. 
Having paid employment 
Having a job in this economy. 
Warm and safe house 
the cute little baby that lives with me and gives me love on a regular basis. 
Scott keeps the catboxes clean. 
Money coming in. 
My husbands illnessI worked with counselors and meditation. 
Family: I like being close to family 
Food 
have a loving husband who understands me. 
I can manage my time well.Mr. 
Positive reinforcement from guys at the gym. 
being healthy.And also for my parents and friends are healthy.I think the most important thing in life is being healthy so you can enjoy the life.you 
a roof over my head 
with schooling for a chance to make more money, support my family. 
my husband and I were able to work through our problems and reconnect. 
God's Love and creations 
Having a home to come home to. 
Spending time with my daughters 
no longer worry about my obligations to immediate family. 
have a rewarding jobI have wonderful friends and familyI am sober 
Thankful Beth was online a little bit today and we were able to talk. 
the boys are getting used to the check lists and arguing with me less 
a boyfriend who adores me 
One thing that I am very grateful for is my boyfriend and his family. 
would buy an apartment. 
Most of the people I am involved with share similar interests 
Rose is happy and healthy and hilarious 
My family, waking up and seeing my husband and babies. 
Good looks. 
1. 
being made an admin for local punk shows my friend throws 
John is the best guy in the world 
My daughter told me that my opinion meant a lot to her. 
my pets, they give me love, attention, purpose, a means to vent my nurturing side. 
I had a potential client meeting today. 
my husband making breakfast for me this morning. 
have a daughter that is healthy and striving to complete her degree to help disabled adults live better lives. 
waking up this morning 
I am in a position to gives kudos to my co-workers and let them know that their work is appreciated, especially when they've gone above & beyond. 
Having my boyfriend there to comfort me when I start feeling down about things in my life. 
being employed. 
Friends on Facebook. 
Living in my own home 
a loving husband who listens to me talk. 
My 7 year old daughter opened up to me about an issue with her teacher and a separate issue with a bully at school. 
Family / Children 
My son Ben is such a love - funny, helpful, witty, and gives good hugs 
Chris 
the business I have. 
Dad got me twizzlers after the mixup a few days ago. 
The memory of my cat: he loved me unconditionally. 
No work for me today, much needed vacation day! 
We have one car and transportation duties are gladly accepted 
ate a couple delicious home made meatballs I made with the help of my new food processor. 
my children 
My Husband - My husband has an enormous heart. 
My Dad stopped by for an unexpected visit. 
Jeff Bennett, he loves and supports me, he makes me laugh. 
My home 
Eric at home (or home soon) when I get home 
I just finished college last week with a degree in Medical Administrative Assistant with a average of a 98. 
My husband 
i have a loving family 
my children 
my boys 
my daughter and husband are healthy and happy in their own personal lives. 
The first thing I am grateful for is just how blessed I am in my life. 
The beautiful fog 
to feel good and cancer free 
apartamento 
Andy stayed home to help me out with the kids. 
get to work by myself majority of the time. 
spending time stamping with my friend frances 
My loving husband. 
my daughter 
RecordsIt gave me the feeling of what it would be like to shop for records, or start a record collection. 
Puppy - Vet bills, dog food, and all the things it cost to get the puppy. 
I can help my daughter by babysitting my grandson. 
my online friends like my partner, Cynthia who has always been there when I get back from a fall. 
God 
Really Sad, really unhappy and I didnt wanted to be away of it. 
The love in my life 
Today I learned that my beautiful baby girl weighed in at 12.5oz at the doctors office today.. 
Carolyn came to see me. 
my husband and my babies. 
I can call on God every minute of everyday. 
remission from cancer, and have been for three years. 
Having more time to get some work done. 
Today, I am grateful to have been able to complete one of my school assignments. 
My children, they are my pride and joy! Taking them to the beach, taking them to practices, and making their room prettier makes me happy! 
Seeing my Labrador's face when i wake up :) He is way tooooo cute 
my beautiful home 
don't have to worry about anything as it turns out and I have worried needlessly. 
Nothing i appreciate what i have. 
Today I was thankful for..... #1 PRAYERS ANSWERED regarding the people I love realizing, to a greater extent, how much I love them. 
have 2 friends that stopped by to check on me and my youngest daughter came by to see if I can take 2 of the grandkids to Cheerleading Practice,,, 
creative outlet. 
Rob. 
having a good day with patients 
mom is well 
Listening to my daughter's language, stories, observations. 
God in my life. 
A place to live. 
Landed a big party 
a loving husband and family 
1. 
got a kiss from my fiancee as she walked by to head to the bathroom. 
jobapartment freedom 
my husband, actually he is pretty awesome, a bit self absorbed sometimes but aren't we all. 
a husband who loves me very much 
That my oldest son thought I was funny today, when I put a piece of tape on the tub, to indicate where the bath mat goes after a shower. 
TOMI HAVE A GREAT HUSBAND 
My sister 
to have a house to live in. 
got out of bad marriage 
to wake up today 
my familymy friendsmy homemy carmy jewelry 
Nicky 
A roof (albeit leaky) over my head. 
1. 
Banning trimmed the trees. 
find out my mom was off work today. 
my family 
Today I am grateful for my belief in Jesus Christ and his ability to protect me and get me thru this time in my life. 
new place 
my salvation in Jesus Christ 
My kids getting signed up for school and new jobs 
Grateful that a friend forgave me even though it was a very difficult situation to understand. 
I was able to finish what I started today (scouring the kitchen) 
The constant emails I have received about my time away. 
Gorgeous nature. 
I have a home, and will get a new home. 
Playmobil stuff at Us Toy. 
Family that love and care about me. 
would be so excited to finally be able to buy a new car! 
A friendly ear and helpful advice and suggestions on which direction to take for looking for a new job. 
Nothing comes to mind. 
a plus to being not married and childless is I can use my free time the way I want. 
Kids that like to touch me...leaning on me, sitting on my lap. 
Asked to sing a solo for our Christmas concert. 
Took a shower and left the house. 
always welcome (with exceptions of the obvious sleeping/sick,etc) 
Nintendo DS 
finished 
My husband had dinner waiting for me, 
to have access to medical care when I need it - and insurance to pay for it. 
Jeff. 'Nuff said. 
VW Tiguan-needed bigger car for dogs and errands. 
I slept well as I have a nice comfortable bed. 
for my children and hat they have grown p to be adventurous icing and loving human beings. 
My children get themselves dressed and lunches packed in the morning so we're not late 
my family , 
My co-worker helped me to get some needed work done. 
when I asked for help today, my coworkers understood my need and helped me. 
The way Baby Girl hugged me good-bye. 
there wasn't anything extremely stressful at work. 
Lots of people said happy birthday to me on FB; my brother, sister, and mom all initiated contact; and my husband got me a wonderful card. 
The beautiful weather in Oakland California. 
Jackson helped me today with dinner 
My family 
my son dropped by for a visit 
My kids 
1. 
I have a home 
My marriage 
My husband. 
My dog is finally well after 2 surgeries. 
My car- I was proud of myself for being to a point in my life where I could buy something like this independently. 
it's cooled off a bit since neither the AC in my house or car is working. 
my job 
Betsy purse 
to be back to work 
MY 3 healthy kids:When I see others struggle with major health issues their children are facing, I realize how fortunate I really am 
MichaelPaulinemy animals 
Taking care of my mom 
I was able to work out today! 
Spending time with my granddaughter Olivia. 
My baby sister loves me. 
my quiet time in the morning. 
don't have to worry about a place to live. 
Shopping and spending time with my friend Ann. 
A job- It made me feel proud, successful, accomplished- It validated my worthI am no less worthy or successful today. 
My boss complimented me and I realized that I was grateful that he is my boss 
had lunch with Jared & Adalynn 
had lot of people like my new business page on face book 
Eddie being here to help me with anything I ask of him. 
Drove the car with A/C 
to have an apartment all to myself. 
got up early and said pre dawn prayers. 
my Husband and my children. 
Smaller class size 
Jesus 
really grateful for my husband. 
my children and I are going to be moving into our new apartment soon. 
guitar stand 
my children 
house is getting ready to sell 
got too sit down and read some of my library book 
My kids and my family 
My friend Gwen invited me to a concert at her church. 
My children 
Grateful to have finished a project that has been hanging over my head. 
Raised a very 'will of her own' child ...always some battle. 
those in the community that produce events so that we can share our creative work: Noelle, Amanda, Cybil, the SBDA, Regina Picker, Sinan and Ilkay, Valerie Green 
i am able to ride my bike to work 
my dog 
my family 
My husband and my kids. 
easy commute 
Grateful for caring co-worker. 
Coach purse 
I have been able to live my life with more freedom than most. 
hit the 100% bonus for the month. 
got through exercise and felt a little better. 
Thankful to have such a hard working husband who provides 
al my pets enjoy good health and have a kind and peaceful home with plenty of food and attention. 
Chicktacular: They are amazing. 
Friends 
Private 
We are here for each other. 
Sharing a friends birthday. 
I am surrounded by so many friends and family that love me. 
To not be living at home anymore to hear them all whine about each other. 
Cuddling my toddler to sleep tonight 
having personal time to spend doing this. 
Jamie's death was the most stressful thing I've ever had to deal with in my life. 
saw Tyler for a few minutes before tennis and brought him snacks and water 
My friend Colleen and our fun dinner together. 
i'm still able to spend time with my mom. 
We saw the new home today that we are going to build--and we love it! 
to have a job and my bf who loves me 
got most of my work completed even with the extra stress of taking care of everyone's registration issues. 
That I'm alive. 
Subaru CrosstrekI would be really upset because I've gotten used to driving a good car. 
my children 
Last day before a long weekend. 
a career that feeds my spirit and inspires young people. 
1. 
the first time ever, We had a family get together that was completely awesome: no drama, no fights, no picking, just a great time. 
John's presence in our house. 
my dogs coming to greet me 
having a relatively healthy, able body that can do many things that so many in this world wish they could do 
have 2 of my sons still here to help me out. 
My husband. 
My husband 
had Hannes to talk to about Debra 
to have practiced yoga for 1 hour 
my kids 
Great Husband 
Good health so I can take care of the house for my hubby and I. 
Spending time with my son everyday. 
A job which makes me feel fulfilled 
coming into this world and having a nice set of parents ,a wonderful brother and a grandma and also my friends 
Naomi is feeling better from her ear infection. 
Nugget, my puppy dog 
Able to come home and take a 4 hour nap and husband took care of kids while I slept. 
my kitties bring me so much joy. 
a new adventure at work 
husband 
my daughter wants to be saved in front of a church. 
Had lunch with my sister 
Being with my significant other on this long weekend 
refinanced my mortgaged to a longer term and lower rate so I am not in a crunch when I need money for life's emergencies. 
Kids had good first day of school. 
It didn't rain 
my children are happy and healthy. 
my deposits came in so i could pay the bills. 
My extended family 
the love of my son. 
MY Parents are still living at the ages of 98yrs and 92 yrs old.This is a blessing since they are my best friends. 
reconnected with a dear friend with whom I'd lost touch for many years and had a great talk. 
a husband and furbabies who love me 
computer desk i felt great about the purchase due to the fact that i now have a place for a new computer. 
spending time with allison 
Baby Items for daughter. 
Having Hannah stay for an hour long vivit before she went to class 
1. 
My son, Nick. 
the career opportunity that I am about to begin. 
Rachel and Trevor... My children blessed my life 
clothing that I did not needasking myself why I bought them. 
My husbandgrand children 
Myself, as in this life, and my parents. 
A foreign vacation. 
Grateful that I could manage my schedule and go to work when I felt ready. 
My family is with me right now. 
Was able to work on a good assignment. 
She listens without judgement. 
Cracking the story in a different state while sitting here 
The coffee meet up with a friend and running into a good acquaintance out there. 
My healthy son 
The first thing that I said I was grateful for was my job. 
alive 
My grandchildren and my children. 
to have a job. 
My daughter talks to me 
my husband's and children's unconditional love and support. 
That my mom made it through surgery just fine. 
Was able to wake up this morning with out my husband waking me up. 
was able to go to work 
dish set 
I had work today through my friend Jack. 
My son and baby are healthy and happy 
The Love of my family and friends. 
my job. 
Erik came and saw me. 
found out one of my teen students was raped and is now pregnant. 
Today the company I contract for gave me a 25 percent raise. 
Today I am grateful for: My friend Kevin. 
My Bestfriend can be a little self centered sometimes especially when it comes to " Boys" but man when it counts... he is always there. 
managed to nap y grumpys away! 
My bed. 
hired someone to clean the house and they came in and cleaned last night. 
My Grandma told me I was one of Gods special creatures. 
a home I can be proud of. 
new friends are coming up every day 
my cat. he is gorgeous. 
my daughter Kelly for standing by my side while I am going thru this dramatic, unexpected divorce. 
My new Vibram shoes. 
My children and grandchildren I'm grateful god gave them to me. 
my job 
GRATEFUL FOR My relationship 
My pet rats. 
truck 
Getting to see my grandkids! 
my Boyfriend. 
I can get enough financial aid/scholarships to attend the college of my choice. 
The first thing I am grateful for is my daughter. 
was able to finish a first draft of a datasheet in one try. 
Teal cardigan - so happy to have another cardigan, in a new color, that matches my eye color. 
Chair is donePainted/usableseat is covered 
My own home/rental that is out in the country where i can see 2 sets of mountains. 
Glad that my daughters and I have a close relationship. 
got to pick up my kids today and they came running to the car full of smiles and things to tell me about the new school year. 
have a niece who likes to watch tv and eat junk food with me. 
friends on fb 
My dad puts my dishes in the dishwasher and doesn't nag me about it. 
today, i am most grateful for my family, my freedom, and my responsibilities. 
my family 
my partner who is with me through all my emotional ups and downs. 
my best friend 
feeling better and being able to actually have time to focus on doing the things that I want to do...like cleaning the house, getting it in order, and start focusing on decorating it instead of worrying about how cluttered it is. 
was able to have a controlled "cheat day" on my diet without binging or feeling like I was going to fall off track. 
the fact that my girls are happy and healthy and smart and strong. 
My family 
My Mom, Troy and Matt and the unconditional support they provide. 
my sister 
got to work on something enjoyable 
Doreen needed support. 
bought my shotgun about 2 year ago. 
a comfortable house 
Family -.4 awesome kids, and 2 daughter in laws 
My relationship with God 
My grandson and son and how proud of my son I am for the responsible man he as grown into. 
My family is in church 
My husband and our families 
I finally own a house. 
My children 
have my family and they are healthy 
my job 
God 
Support 
help my husband help a co-worker with his car. 
my grandbabies 
was able to sit and have my coffee alone this morning. 
how sweet and helpful Erik is to everyone around him. 
A camp host told me how much he appreciated how thorough my work is. 
Fredrick making friends and interacting socially. 
1. 
My Husband 
My boyfriend 
a loving fiance and family 
a loving supportive partner. 
so grateful that i have 3 wonderful beautiful kids 2 daughters and one son 
my tooth was not hurting today like it has been 
my good friends mim and joe 
leather jacket 
Spending time with my folks, and getting to share laughter and hugs. 
feel blessed for all the good in my life.... My little furry companion .... She's the best! 
My man cooking the most amazing dinners the last two nights. 
pants 
Meeting a wonderful girl 
Having God in my life. 
my family has taken me in and helped me finance my divorce. 
my loving and understanding husband. 
Sebastian came back home. 
A place to live with my dogs. 
my daughters are happy and healthy 
my son is doing so well. 
My family 
I have friends and family that help me when things are super tough. 
didn't have to do any holds. 
a good relationship with my kids. 
my grandkids, I love them to death, will do anything for them. 
My mom. 
My children, 
Smiles and giggles and funny stories as the children prepared for their first day of school, helped with chores and ate dinner with me. 
left Bryan when he demanded that I abort our son. 
got to hang out with Jon, who always seems happier in the morning for whatever reason. 
Nothing 
David doing the dishes without being toldand that he learned how to fix his own bike. 
Jesus 
haven't sold my scooter 
My friend's visit at my place. 
my family and friends. 
Working with people who provide support. 
my best friend Lindatime to explore new tings 
My sonMy cat 
to have people trying to help me through this rough spot in my life but yet i need to deal with the hurt the pain hurting others that love me so much that they have told me that i have to find it with in my self to help my self so this is a search for the real me and the love for my self with in me 
so gratitude in helping around the house 
When my mom and dad got a divorce when i was 13 teen it hurt but i got over it in time by getting my parents to still be friends for my brother and i sake. 
Love my personal space. 
First of all let me thank GOD , who Protects from all ODDS and forgives me and provide me all I need despite i go drowned due to depression and Stress and do mistakes.my 
The first thing that comes to mind when i think grateful is the love and trust i have with my daughters. 
Breakfast with Christine. 
parents harmony after a long time 
started cleaning 
Eric being so supportive of me and always being there to hug me when I need one. 
Mom and dad are supportive. 
Peanut, she's so cute and is always happy to see me. 
Can work from home 
Cadillac SRX- Felt fantastic driving it off the lot, warm and tingly all over, felt rich and happy. 
My health, kids, Don, Layney, job, family friends. 
My Kids and their lives 
told was doing good job 
I live with Jacob. 
I arose to greet a new day. 
my sweet wife. 
my two children,they turned out wonderful and make me very proud of them. 
a very supportive family, who genuinely loves me unconditionally and deals with my anxiety to the best of their ability. 
School stress: I've been in school for a good part of my life and I never let it be the thing that stresses me out, I always planned and made lists to ensure that everything got done. 
having such a loving, caring, patient man in my life and getting to spend every night with him. 
There was a fire in my apartment, no one was hurt. 
Yesterday I was happy that my husband's career path is becoming more clear. 
My husband 
my parents that has always helped me through my life.... 
woke up to the wonderful sound of rain and the aroma of fresh coffee! 
My children 
Alex made a quick, lovely dinner and said a sweet prayer for us. 
Benjamin Rodack <3 I already don't know what I would do without him. 
have really supportive family and friends. 
cooked a delicious meal. 
Tyler - he does a lot for me. 
Europe-India ticketIt was a learning experience.Found out about my relationship incompatibility.If I get a job now - it would be good timing on retrospect. 
1. 
1. 
Desktop Screen 
took my mom to see her ex-boyfriend who is in a coma and dying from cancer. 
My incredible husband who is happy, supportive, and he loves me. 
My husband ... on the weekend he cook breakfast for me in bed. 
payday is tomorrow 
Came home to a clean house on Monday. 
waking up and it was too hot . 
I have a beautiful garden to walk through on my way to my front door. 
got a compliment from my boss- she told me I'm really good to work with 
My team always work towards my ideology making every event successful 
Catching up on my classes 
make up 
Cricut paper cutter 
our home. 
My new cell phone- it was shiny, new, worked all the time (not just sometimes like the old one) and it is still shiny. 
The ability to change. 
my daughter and her sense of humor. 
Food for Dinner tonight. 
The Space that is available for outdoor activitiesI live on Two acres That are fenced for my pets so that they are well protected. 
extremely grateful for my family. 
I'd feel a lot less cramped.. more room to spread out, exercise, get rid of a lot of junk. 
Daughter, corrective lences, fan, air conditioner, ssi, surgery went well, free movie 
have a husband and 2 kids and a cat. 
Having a job 
That my husband takes care of all the bills... no more BILL and RENT STRESS!!! 
don't have to worry about figuring out how to pay the rent. 
Why I want to die... 
1. 
my mom is able to help with Abby, so we can save some money. 
family 
have a warm and cosy bed to sleep in every night 
paydayloans wish never did them 
to have a beautiful home. 
my husband when he does the dishes 
To be able to travel 
David 
I am allowing myself to go after the dream of helping others create. 
was greatful that Sandy was having a quiet night at home w/out getting drunk and gave us a nice place to sleep. 
was able to get the website updated. 
was able to handle being laid off and without a job for 7 months. 
An ex-coworker complimented me on the weight I have lost. 
Friends to hang out and go dancing and eating with 
My children. 
My car 
have a house to live in. 
to have a great new boss who understands me and appreciates my talents. 
Wonderful afternoon party at Ginette 
got to have dinner with my grandson and daughter 
my son 
tabletclothesnew washer 
My boss approved my request for a modified schedule. 
my son 
My Home 
My dad made me feel a lot better about not getting the promotion at work. 
Dr. Anderson was in a good mood, he seemed to be more relaxed and not as upset as he was yesterday 
got to spend the day with my grandson Justin 
My family 
Jeremey takes such good care of me financially, emotionally, and is such a good protector. 
my parents and everything they've done for me in the past and i'm sure in the future. 
the food I have to eat. 
clothes 
Got my Car washed 
waking up this morning in good health 
Dinner was in the crock pot when I got home! 
so thankful for my children and grandchildren. 
Happy for morning hugs. 
Relationship with my mother has always been stressful. 
My boss gave me a day off because I haven't been feeling well 
Nail polish 
to be alive 
We had a delicious dinner - meatballs, YUM 
Everyone is in a good, cooperative mood tonight. 
1. 
That i'm alive and the ones i love are still alive 
a husband that cherishes me 
Productive day at work 
met a new friend 
My home 
taco bell food 
the life I have. 
got some extra sleep 
spent time learning about blogging 
catching up on bills, got a raise and a promotion, so paying the bills in a little easier now 
Martha and Steve recognizing that I needed a little pick me up- and they took the time and effort to get me a card, flower and gift card. 
My husband is my hero 
kids 
Alexa and I had a nice evening with supper from Subway and a few leftovers watching TV we don't see when Randy is home. 
being able to help my nephew with his homework 
My sons 
my Mom is still in relatively good help and that we get along so well. 
Ginger's new grandchild - Can's believe her daughter is that old 
of an extremely toxic marriage. 
to my father, for having taught me to take care of what matters first. 
had a glorious career in the Military. 
my kids. 
Getting off the train in Budapest, I had to pee, I didn't have the correct currency, no one spoke English, the signs didn't make any sense... apparently, B-A-N-K spells "post office" in Hungarian! 
Christmas! 
My clients attended their appointments 
husband 
this made me happy because my hair had fallen out. 
Grateful to have a job first and foremost and for the head of the company to seem so sincere and willing to help those in need. 
to have Jolynne. 
I went to an appointment that will improve my health 
A sweat jacket from Depot Bay...I felt really good as it is a comfy clothing item. 
My children 
have a full time job that pays relatively well. 
caring and kind loving fiancé who loves my daughter. 
my health. 
health screening, early detection and best possible treatment options. 
Dyson Vacuum - I have been wanting this vacuum for years because it was the best on the market, has everything I need to keep my house allergen free for me and my daughter and just looked cool. 
My friends telling me they missed me after a long time without seeing them, and telling me they miss my laugh and words. 
My family 
Emily Jeffery being kind about me and my input to the show. 
Reminded to pay my power bill, gotta get done!Happy to clean out unwanted files personalise my laptop, update my music videos and sync my new email address with my Mozilla Thunder bird interface. 
Ex-number one for a long time I blamed her for the way things went. 
spoke to my dad on the phone and he was upbeat and happy. 
peace 
Handbag 
Diamond jewelleryI felt happy because the jewellery was very pretty and I felt nice wearing them 
my son is happy 
first, thing is I joined this activities . 
My big loving family that will grow up together and be best of friends and do many things together in the future and look after me when I am older. 
a new phone 
Friends coming to visit 
Home Office replied to me 
Health 
1. 
to have such beautiful children 
Co-worker took opinion on a gift 
The people that I surround myself by are selfless. 
Matt is smart, ambitious, handsome and loving. 
my wife and kids. 
just realized that my staff, whom i've been intimidated with, is not too bad herself at all. 
waking up 
My boyfriend cooked dinner for me today. 
achieved 5 back squats on an emom workout i started at 3 
I felt happy to get this for Sarah that was most important 
managed to lose 3 stone in weight for my 40th Birthday 
my my son Dylan. 
Being able to clean my cat's litterbox and the area surrounding it. 
My farm animal training has made life easier on the farm. 
My loved ones (including my dog) 
My friend Lynn is very emotionally supportive of me 
that Muirna rang after having been not in contact for such a long time 
car 
so happy that I have an outlet to raise money if I need it I know I am lucky to have it . 
having a boyfriend who sticks by me through good, bad, and everything in between 
My lovely friends and family that are always there for me even when I don't always feel like I deserve them 
My friends wishing luck with my move. 
not too focused on material stuff. 
that Muirna rang after not having been in contact for a very long time 
Thankful that Colin is healthy 
my husband 
didnt have to work or go to classes today, So I am grateful for the "me" time I've had today as well as homework time. 
have wonderful people to work with 
to have my family even though we are separated by distance we are close in love. 
My friend called to help me plan my wedding. 
My friend was married to this lazy jerk. 
my children. 
my son he is my pride and joy. 
I had a few minutes to connect with Jeff before he got out of bed to get to work. 
Raining outside 
Thankful for my boyfriend and how helpful he is. 
Right now I don't have to worry about babies 
still have my parents 
I have amazing friends. 
My Health 
Lauren and Kish encouraged me to pursue my tryout for the Intrams' track and field team. 
my hubby picked up my medicine 
Family that cares for each other deeply 
all of the help I've had to try and find my cat 
my amazing boyfriend who puts up with me when I am crazy and doesnt dump me!! 
can be around my kids, 
pulled out some old deck chairs and painted them up, they look great now!! 
my pets allow me the opportunity to show my love and nurturing that i always crave to do and give. 
Being able to sit down 
Having a roof over my head is something to feel grateful for. 
My mom loves me unconditionally and can just know when i am upset. 
Helping others. 
my health, for my car, for my parents, for my boyfriend, for my peaceful life. 
some colleagues always make me smile 
even with setbacks my husband and I are still together. 
cleaning up the messes that my boss leaves me. 
I got to the pet store to help out my mom. 
had a friendship that was very stressful due to the other person's overwhelming behavior. 
my Mom. 
Old friends 
Got Andre' signed up for Swimming Lessons early. 
another year of being here on this earth with a man who loves me. 
MY HUSBAND...HE IS A VERY LOVING TENDER MAN WHO WOULD GIVE ME THE WORLD IF HE COULD AND LOVES ME JUST THE WA I AM. 
greatfull I have my husband 
David doing his chores without me having to remind him to. 
got things for the morning cleaning at work started and won't have to start late to get this done in 2 hours before store opens. 
School was a total stress for me with my son (Trip), he hated all 13 years of it. 
embroidery machine 
my family 
people in my life. 
having my children around, healthy and happy. 
serious money problems 
Rita's art class was the only thing that made me happy yesterday because it was just goofing off. 
My Family 
Having a Home. 
Being Laid off for the second time. 
My health 
Lady in my church smiled with really good smile and talked to me after 
Getting likes on my fanpage from friends feels good 
Being alive. 
connected positively with a co-worker in a way that we hadn't before. 
My magnolia tree in the backyard. 
Laptop - glad that i could connect with family easily 
my tablet i bought ..I use it for one day,now it sits there I really did not need it,When i was buying it .My thought was I can! 
My family is great and always makes me laugh. 
My pets 
my phonemy bingo packagemy speakers 
My Life 
1. 
the ability to utilize what I was given at birth; my hands and legs and all my senses. 
My Family...through thick and thin...and a lot of it THIN, they have stuck it out and never let me fall. 
That my husband took my son to work with him, leaving me free to sleep in. 
Yvonne's generosity and loyal friendship 
Worrying about meeting men 
Traffic was very light this morning since its saturday 
Spending time with my grandson. 
Getting a gig as a costume designer 
My husband is caring, kind, fun to be around, supportive, and loves me for who I am. 
sure grateful for the roof I have over my head and the things I have accomplished to have in my home. 
My parents love me. 
A roof over my head with cable, ac, cpu, and love. 
new dress 
To have a loving family, who loves me very much. 
The help I get from co worker 
To have breakfast and coffee with family this morning. 
school clothes for the girls 
Tom and I worked together to complete F list. 
My health. 
just to be alive. 
Got a pick of baby t 
Iam grateful for my family, 
the ability to draw and paint like I used to. 
electricity 
My family, even though there is a lot of stress we still manage to pull through when we talk about stuff 
The circle of friends I have here in my building,we are a pretty close knit group,that helps each other out and watches out for one another,I am grateful for this 
well my relationship with Mike was very stressful,but over time I learned how to deal with him better and finally ended the relationship and moved here to Illinois. 
I have a husband who is understanding and loves me unconditionally no matter what mistakes I make and no matter how big they are. 
1. 
having my granddaughter over 
toy for the baby. 
got to go to karate. 
my fiance, I love him with all my heart. 
lunch at McDonalds one day last week 
LOL comparing myself down the food chain! 
GOD AND HIS GRACE 
A peaceful nights sleep 
the end all works out well 
We have food to eat 
my one and only child, Kyle. 
my husbands cancer has not returned he is gaining strength and loving as usual. 
my son and my family. 
My adorable Son, Evan. 
To have my husband be healthy 
Fighting to get my husband on the transplant list. 
My daughter. 
the job I had and the fact that I have the opportunity to start a new one. 
was given more meaningful work 
getting a loving txt from my son who just left for college. 
my two daughters 
Set of all clad pot's and pansI was excited to have my new pot's and pans and was planning on what all I was going to cook in them. 
my mother and my sister :) 
carExcited. 
My husband brought me coffee today.I have been ill and it made me smile. 
My son is healthy and beat cancer. 
a wonderful husband 
my Mother who listens to me endlessly regarding the stress I have over siblings. 
1. 
I have a job that I love 
To wake up to see another day. 
Love: feeling appreciated by my family and friends. 
my life 
shoes, clothes, phone 
Humor at work 
My husband rubbed leg because I had a cramp 
watching the sunrise this morning with my partner. 
Greatfull for is God! 
my kids and grandchildren 
all of my children are well adjusted, kind to others, hard workers, talented, smart and healthy. 
Getting to sleep in 
My hard working husband 
My husband cleaned the house for me. 
waking up 
my mother, she is my rock, my base, my sanity 
sneakers 
my dog clyde 
The internet :)I can connect to people around the world, relax with games, learn new skills. 
Once was when my hubby (then fiancee) bought an RV during a business trip and he had me drive it home... from about Alabama to West Virginia. 
EBOOK i was so happy when i got it because i would have alot of books all in one place.if 
my health! 
trip 
It is Saturday and the kids are home and don't have to go to school. 
my daughters. 
My Children 
gratefull that Peter got out of work at 5 instead of six after a summer of ot its really nice to have him home before 7 
David sent me a funny YouTube link that made me laugh. 
My family. 
That my mother is still alive. 
my daughter Alyssa is so hardworking, frugal and yet willing without question to help me with anything I need. 
being able to go to the asian market and to make dumplings, uninterrupted. 
my children sometimes 
A co-worker suggested we coordinate a girls night out soon. 
My dog Higgins 
Going to war 
Spending time with Ben 
tat I make more money than my last job. 
Previous job where I had to drive a lot and didn't get reimbursed for gas or wear and tear on my car. 
work 
the experience I got to have last June. 
my children. 
my health and my family 
Ian woke up in a better mood, which made me feel better. 
family 
My children 
My son 
kids that adore me 
have always thought I was an only child over last week-end I am lead to believe I nay have a sister and brother. 
Music 
coworker thats helped me. 
my brother visting me 
My Dad enjoyed the vegan dinner I made for him. 
1. 
my family 
My family. 
a wonderful home, spouse, kids and pet. 
Enjoy my coworkers, they help reduce the workload and make work alot less stressful 
the feel 
Family: My daughter going to college 
my beautiful daughter Haley and my loving Boyfriend Jarrett. 
sleeping well last night and being able to go to my thursday yoga class. 
to have a home when so many do not 
baby bed. 
I"m grateful that I have a roof over my head. 
(1) I am making better decisions about my life, since joining this site. 
my husband because he helps do housework when he isnt working 
Shayln and I connected and shared many laughs 
I still have a roof over my head today! 
have a steady job that I am good at. 
My ideas are being heard. 
didn't have to work today. 
getting up to enjoy another 
my daughter is beautiful and charming. 
was able to take a nap with John without snoring. 
my husband is so supportive and kind. 
My son - Always wil love this man who used to be my baby, toddler, little boy, young man and now a full grown man 
I enjoy most of my coworkers 
have a wonderful loving husband 
My car 
My organization has provided me with numerous training opportunities, including paying for me to take graduate classes. 
That bitch in copy and print didn't get a chance to say one rude thing directly to me. 
most grateful for Jason, my partner in life, who has shown me what love can truly be. 
watch. 
Shane. 
I have a roof over my head.I'm grateful that I can live alone and independently. 
have a beautiful, secluded, comfortable homelife! 
my husband and children. 
went to dinner with my parents tonite. 
when some one in our home helps with chores without having to be threatened or begged 
have so many good friends. 
Today I appreciate my loving cat scribble. 
my life 
A new computer 
being able to finish steam cleaning the carpet. 
Stefanie worked on her room without nagging 
a beautiful and safe home environment. 
it was cloudy for swimming 
Grateful for my friend matt 
was able to curb two arguments. 
I have my puppies. 
My sister was there to talk me down from my proverbial ledge. 
God left me around to see my youngest son and grandson become men... 
My family 
Home- I am grateful to have a roof over my head. 
my family 
the dinner I had with a friend last night. 
my Mom. 
I have this comfy apartment to live in where I can sleep and rest all day if I need to. 
my son is home & we are all together 
my family 
Glenn ,Ciarra and Noelle went fishing together 
my two amazing & beautiful daughters 
We opened up a gift sent by mail from out dear Friend Jenny and it was a book to remember our moving day from our house. 
Great family 
1. 
totally grateful for waking up this morning and be able to sit and meditate 
Spending the day with my Hubby 
a day to read a book I've wanted to read for a long time. 
Rushing home from work so that I would be home when the babysitter brought my son back. 
my daughter was invited to a party 
My beautiful friend Melody come by 
for my three beautiful children. 
My family 
A home...even though I don't really want to be living at home, I am grateful I have a place to stay while I figure things out. 
able to see friends this morning 
Kassi 
The Neutrogena derm-abrasion hand held cleaner. 
have a patient, loving & supportive boyfriend. 
when people gives me more importance 
computerup to date finallypissed its newnew music when I celebrate new jobcouldn't play this without it 
my son took the time to help fix some things around the house. 
1. 
we have enough money right now to be comfortable 
iphone i didn't need one but once i thought i MIGHT be able to have one then i wanted it really badly... now i feel like i underuse it - should use it more the music makes me happy. 
my friends that I will visit today. 
I have a caring family who are there for me when I need them. 
enjoyed getting to spend the day with my daughter. 
My family is supportive and healthy. 
the people in my life that have been kind and generous to me without reservation. 
Grateful that I have a roof over my head 
PEOPLE I CAN RELATE TO AND WHO UNDERSTAND AND APPRECIATE ME 
I'm no longer in an abusive relationship and instead I'm surrounded by friends and family who care. 
have a husband and a son that both love me very much. 
1. 
took an extended weekend to spend time with me. 
1. 
Taking up and saving the decking in the garden 
very grateful for the cool, beautiful eventing that we had last night after the rain earlier in the day 
Today i am most grateful for being able to stand on my own. 
My car 
My home and my daughter 
Labor Day tomorrow 
1. 
My sisters - they know me better than anybody and they love me unconditionally. 
when my youngest son finds me to give me a hug. 
to have a home where I can be myself, where I can find peace and where there is no one pressuring me or expecting me to entertain or look after them all day. 
1. 
It's hard to name just one. 
my home, it means I have somewhere safe and warm to be. 
God woke me up, healthy and safe this morning 
Waking up next to Vishu almost every morning and how we always start the day well. 
have the freedom to do anything I want with my life. 
A bluray 
Our CarWe had been without one due to financial issues. 
I have my mother with me 
Make up 
didn't have to work 
to be living in a safe house, where I get along with my housemates and they ask me how my day is. 
The first few times of driving in the city - it caused a lot of stress for me, but I'm very glad to have persisted and it's no longer as anxiety provoking. 
To have uninterrupted rest time today, after hectic work session. 
cooked a wonderful meal of chicken, butternut squash, and green beans. 
My family's health 
having supporting friends and family in my life. 
Dining room table--I felt so happy to have found it and to have brought it home. 
my brother who takes care of me and dotes on me in his own way, like buying me nice buns from Green Pumpkin. 
Roxy and Heidi and how they make me feel myself. 
My dog Rex is a god send , it doesn't take allot to make him happy and he just is an angel in my life. 
i assertively make sure I'm being respected at work. 
family I thank god for my girls, my mother and brother, they are very importants in my life. 
Healthy 
spending personal time with my family this weekend. 
gratefull about my family. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
Spent good time with my sweetheart friend :) i am happy and thankful :) 
google search it gives me all the information i want :) thanx thanx thanx 
night my old Boy friend call me , we broke off last almost last year. 
was angry and i talk to myself and said to my mind this is not my way of life and i felt less anger :) 
will love my body 
Kyle is understanding. 
my children 
conversation with my brother 
three things that i think went smooth today are:1. 
that me and my husband went to the movies yesterday. 
My parentslove them, they are my true friends and teachers couldn't have asked for any other mom or dad 
FAMILY 
J'ai fais le ménage quand maman est rentrer elle était contente elle n'a pas crier et ma même felicité . 
Less travelling and sitting in traffic 
Breakthrough with my boss on a perspective i've been wanting her to see 
My husband's patience and love 
Assignment submission - stressful but I manage through being organised. 
My husband. 
Cooked lunch for my hard working, jet lagged husband. 
The only thing that happened yesterday that I am grateful for was that I got to hang out with Jenny and I was happy to see those photos of me having fun, which I rarely have anymore. 
1. 
-Refrigerator for my ex-boyfriend's roomMade me happy because I was nesting. 
would feel absolute freedom, independence, and elation. 
to be alive and being able to do good for others as well as my family. 
Brandon abd vani 
my kids and wife 
elites 
It was great when Sammy stopped freaking about thunder and enjoyed oour walk on the trail. 
they can support the things that I do, 
por tener familia que me quiera 
al ayudar a una persona a ser mejor 
Sarah and Tess both have been such a blessing in my life. 
My Kids 
we do not have any guests staying with us now. 
Lunchbox 
my health and athletic ability 
an amazing family dinner today 
to be alive 
get a chance to spend time listening to my daughter tell me about her day and connect with her.. 
My husband and daughter 
the best adventure and workout i got with my sister today. 
My mate Sid always checks in on me. 
can be open about anything with my fiance. 
The love in my life 
That i am alone 
Data plan on my iphone- I could finally surf the web with my phone when I'm not at home. 
Opportunity knocks in my corporate life. 
food and shelter. 
Megan is on track to getting better. 
My family is super awesome.They all love me a lot and respect me for what i am 
balanced and know what i want in life. 
i got a good job. 
wonderful parents. 
have a husband that loves me. 
have a job that gives me the money I need 
stick with a problem until it is solved, providing it is solvable. 
Happy, proud, excited to have it. 
My house is paid off, so I don't have to worry so much about monthly expenses. 
Stable on meds 
didn't think about work. 
My husband listens to me. 
The kittens calm down when I give them attention. 
got myself working on stuff without a lot of trouble. 
came up with a strategy for educating the UX team and Bill loved it. 
Having a home that makes me happy to be there. 
have a job to get pissed off about. 
Thankful for my family. 
to have a home that provides me shelter. 
no longer have to worry about my significant other cheating. 
My son is still alive 
got a raise 
Beautiful weather. 
Nest Thermometer.I wanted this for a long time. 
own my house 
Having a loving wife 
a day off from work 
get to work with two people who are friends 
house - security, space, charm, adventureno I do not appreciate it because of other issues with the house and its location 
fairly good looking for my age and in relatively good health. 
The great relationships I have with the people I work with directly. 
waking up healthy 
Miles 
1. 
Thankful to have a family that loves me even though I'm on edge lately 
my husband. 
waking up this morning 
asdf 
being alive. 
to buy jewelry. 
my husband and I got to work together on the house and that we spent time together and worked together for something good 
1. 
My friend Emma texted me to see how I was and if my daughter had started school yet. 
don't have to worry about debt because I've saved hard to get out of it. 
being part of a new team 
My family 
was happy as I was driving home. 
Co worker listening to my concerns 
finally getting a nice house 
1. 
got to the gym and a friend walked with me on the treadmill 
My friend is ok in the hospital 
This is tough one. 
my mom, who's always there for me and is always worrying about what's best for me. 
my children Amanda and Gabriel, they are the reason why my life is happy and they gave me a reason to survive my brain surgery 
My home 
Life-just waking up each day is a blessing. 
ALCOHOL 
1. 
friends that ask wtf? 
ethical beautiful successful children. 
the support of my mother and son in a terrible situation I have been going through. 
My husband Carl 
My family/Jingles 
Wes and I finally picked up the airconditioner from the parents. 
not into having demeaning, verbally abusive people in my that think I am doormat 
1. 
my husband, he is always telling me to "shake it off" and that "tomorrow is another day" and also "everyone makes mistakes, you're going to make mistakes." 
A comfortable and inviting home, a place where I feel content and peaceful. 
my child and his perfection. 
my husband who always makes me laugh and tells me everything will be okay. 
Easy commute 
groceries 
Kyle always has my morning coffee for me 
My children and my husband 
h 
VERY grateful for air conditioning. 
the many people in my life. 
My son 
to live in a house of love 
to be in between contracts and my husband is working. 
There's a snake in my boot! 
Got a break today because Elijah was in school. 
My warm, safe home providing me a roof over my head and a warm bed to sleep on with food to keep me healthy. 
Today I came home to a full cooked dinner! 
I am able to come back to a family that loves me everyday. 
Comparing my life to others. 
Harold 
don't have to worry about my family's income anymore. 
my wonderful boyfriends' tender "good morning" kisses. 
I have family I love 
Having a great place to live 
galaxy 3 phone it is so much better then my palm pre. 
1. 
that Ziggy is always there for me 
Meeghan 
my boys are healthy and happy 
my health 
1. 
My family. 
The roof over my head 
was able to take my children to school and pick them up. 
Having Pete help cleaning the house and outside chores. 
there are good people in my life that i can talk to 
My family support 
Students worked hard today. 
can pay my rent now that I have a job. 
James 
employed 
A friend is really helping me to find a new home.and 
good health 
Internet 
Rusty agreed to be on-call for the next two weekends so I could enjoy birthday celebrations. 
Came home to my husband 
HD TV excited, enjoy itmore each time 
was half an hour early to work today and my drive there was bright and sunny without much traffic. 
now a home owner. 
my friends who are supportive 
My pink Prada purse with bow tie.I was looking for a new purse for long time but couldn't find the one caught my attention. 
myhome 
a grateful for huh--not to much. 
J.T. -- He is my dream come true. 
My ability to take care of myselfI have MS and I still clean my house, enjoy time with my daughter and significant other. 
My husband brought me tea & chocolate at work after I told him I'd been feeling depressed all day. 
Bike - yes, for working out 
my son lifefor my momfor my familyfor my health 
My cat and how she sleeps and naps with me and loves me. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
spent the day with my Boyfriend 
it was crazy busy in the office and had a few people out. 
was grateful for the big hugs I got today from Reed. 
wanted to yell at the cleaning crew, but I invited them in and explained how important for the children it was to mop the floors each day. 
book 
1. 
I have a job. 
my husband, He works hard for us to keep and maintain the home we have. 
My car that brought 2 years ago. 
'm grateful for God because he is powerful enough to do everything I cannot do for myself but lets me do everything I can and want to do for myself 
my job 
MY YOUNGEST DAUGHTER WANTING TO SIT DOWN WITH ME AND TALK 
grandson's first day of kindergarten went well 
my new co worker is doing well. 
the glory of God in my lifemy relationship with Jesus 
Lunch with Aunt 
my kids 
GREATFUL THAT OTHERS SEE HOW WELL I HAVE DONE WITH MY CHILDREN BEING A SINGLE MOM AND A CHILD AGE OF 17 HAVING TWO CHRONIC DESIASE AND PENDING ANOTHER. 
We have our home. 
SO SO SO grateful that J put together my craft room furniture yesterday. 
Debt. 
God woke me up this morning and brought me thru the day 
Aldous is doing well. 
my childern and grandchildern 
No more drug addiction 
my new boss is so willing to work with me so that i can get time to take my sick son to the dr. 
my partner, my lover, my best friend, my rock, my strength, my Mark. 
and support 
Three things ... hmmm....I have been separated from my husband of 25 years for 8 months now - He was a great source of stress and he is gone now. 
Followed through with K.B's mother re: support and monitoring his wellbeing 
The first thing I am thankful for is Rob. 
our good fortune. 
Being able to see my grand daughter I've got lots of gd friend can pick up the fone or pop to them lots of people who care two amazing s 
my family they lighten my days and put a smile on my face. 
This morning was a good morning, not much pain in my shoulder. 
I was prepared, which is difficult after a long weekend. 
had a rough school year last year: Principal and Teacher Coach in and out of my room, freaking out over my kids' Math scores. 
the blessing of owning my home and car as I know the stress of paying these major expenses creates a lot of stress in the lives of people that I love. 
That hubby cooks dinner more often than not... 
a nice dinner with elijah, i really enjoyed being outside on my lounge on my deck with the dogs. 
my husband. 
The first thing I'm grateful for is the Lord, for everything in my life, good and bad. 
Being able to help my son with his foot injury and he was a big boy about it 
I am all tidied up and can enjoy my day doing the things I want to do. 
buick - will miss very much 
My boyfriend was so emotional with me and told me he loved me (again) 
bracelet 
My circle of friends, they are like minded and we are always doing fun things 
Attended a seminar about learning how to meditate 
Health 
My boss decided to by more vehicles based on my recommendation. 
my computer is working this morning and I can do this.2 
divorced an addict and started taking care of myself instead of him. 
CK purse 
My two kids are getting along well! 
the air which i could breath today 
have a complete and happy family, though we have little issues 
I had such a great weekend with my family and friends. 
waking up 
My son 
Ecstatic , I've always wanted a Log Home. 
My partner is the most hard-working, caring, compassionate man. 
our kitties. 
involved in a process of self-discovery that brings me closer to my life's purpose & brings about greater happiness and connection with my community. 
had an excellent, productive shoot with Michael today. 
got the ball rolling on moving some furniture that was being collected the next day. 
was happy that all my colleagues got involved helping me sort out a serious problem at work. 
dont need to worry about my partners ex partner bothering us. 
It was my day off and the sun was shining. 
loving parents. 
Right now, I am just dating after four years of being single after the break-up of my marriage. 
Always, always, my daughter. 
Fall clothes from Zero Main. 
My calm-headed boyfriend who is understanding of my temper tantrums- and while I dont get all the hibbity jibbity I want, he lets me know I'm important to him. 
have a safe and comfortable home. 
was in an unhealthy work environment. 
my mother. 
to have parents who love me and are always there for me. 
the chest pains I had this week seem unrelated to heart disease. 
my health and strength that allow me to work out. 
healthy! 
My boss let me take the day off. 
deadlift 315 
the job I have right now. 
I was able to successfully pick my younger brother up from school and buy him an after school snack. 
buying my car on my own 
Trish. 
Dawn called, Maybe buying another Wing.Stop 
my kids 
my perfectly odd family!!!!! 
my dad seemed happier 
to be alive. 
very grateful for having a new job and to meet knew people , i also and very grateful i have a family that supports me . 
Interior paint- I was so excited to know I'd be living in a home with color on the walls. 
Started making project plans with a friend to build a Catio. 
my health, my home, my family, my father, my husband, my love for my family, I am grateful for the food that goes in me everyday. 
my laptop I was so excited! 
my 9th grader is getting good sleep and doing her homework. 
My daughter, she is a wonderful, beautiful human being. 
Having a good friend to go riding with 
my three wonderful cats and that I have a few more days with Belle. 
I don't have long days and that I do not have to travel far. 
Mara eating cereal off the floor. 
The sparkles in the snow 
don't buy many things. 
Being unemployed, I am quite grateful to be able to get a new sofa. 
no longer live with the funny, charming and sometimes loving man who berated me, scolded, hit, hollered and threatened me and my family when things don't go his way. 
my children 
my 7 year old daughter. 
My creativity 
our house. 
while I don't have the best health, I am not as sick as someone whom is terminally ill. 
I bought myself a new house... 
Funny, he makes the funniest faces that make me laugh so hard. 
My laptop because it has a connection to the outside world, all of my photos are on here also. 
woke up worried about panic, but instead, I was able to shake it off and have a fun day with my best friend and boyfriend 
my dad he makes my life joyful with his humor. 
don't worry about taking anxiety medication anymore, I started on it, and I no longer worry about taking pills I am not as scared of medication as I used to be. 
My cat Lita's: I was excited when I first got them. 
my active body and the ability to dance. 
have a nice friend and husband and we're on a sweet spot now. 
have a job. 
Peace and quiet with good times & Jordan. 
my husband always does all the cleaning, so that I don't have to. 
Derek made me laugh when he acted like he was calling bingo 
valentino shoes 
iphone. 
life in general 
one of my friends is going to get up early to take me to the doctor on Friday. 
Husband home early instead of late giving us more time together 
well, im gratful i have my kids to stay with after a BAD BREAK UP. 
that everyday is different. 
yesterday i dont know if seth was talking to me but if so he blessed me on why i lost my spirtual side i was around too much negativity not any possitive people i am hoping for change not to blame the people who were good to me i screwed up on 
yesterday i was able to utilize my time for study that may let me passing my exam 
my son. he is funny, full of life and joyful. 
My husband. 
Happy to have Great friends 
my family 
A solid and loving group of friends that support and appreciate me. 
A friend listening to me and allowing me to process my feelings and feeling heard by them. 
was entrusted with information by coworker 
bought 2 dresses after buying that i felt very happy but after few days i stopped liking that 
Mom purchased clothes, belt 
My Brilliant family 
Invided on holiday 
It wasn't raining. 
so grateful for how much my older two kids have loved their new brother and how much they help take care of him and want to keep him happy. 
my family, friends, and boyfriend. 
got some cardio in yesterday because I had a little time, it was my first day off work on a while. 
My colleague helped finish an important task. 
laptop, play-station and computer. 
The opportunity to be a proud father. 
Loaning change when needed. 
A strong and sound mind which gives me the ability to be the best at everything I do. 
My files--has my pictures and important information in them. 
my mum 
very happy that the woman i love doesn't hat me after things i have said and done , 
TV in the bedroom.I felt organized. 
a momin, and I have the blessings and love of my Moula. 
headphonesIts the first time I am using headphones in my life and i am really happy about it.They are really wonderful.It was an amazing experience and I miss it very much. 
My cousin's mother is no more.Her father has settled with another woman and not really concerned about her.I am grateful that my mother is always there for me and my father cares for me. 
made dill pickles for the first time and they turned out well. 
iPad - I was so excited and looked forward to playing Plants vs. Zombies. 
Laughter from my co-workers. 
have help, support & a shared interest with my husband that helps me to eat healthily. 
to have family that is supportive and loving 
Meeting with Kamil. 
do not have to worry about the temperature at the office. 
Anshulika asked for help, that made me feel that grateful and giving her a quick solution boosted my confidence. 
wonderful boyfriend 
A lovely sunny day 
to see Vienna and Raelyn becoming such good friends. 
A supportive family 
John 
dont have to worry about emotional bullies E and C 
such an amazing upbringing and being raised in a manner that I I am very thankful for. 
Visiting Blanca in the hospital. 
Job- caused allot of anxiety and stress in my life. 
I get hugs and physical affection from my boys 
have an awesome family that encourages me and helps me when I'm at my lowest--which tends to be a lot. 
mom 
Annie's creativity and enthusiasm 
Ireland/Scotland tripMercedes Dooney & Burke Bags 
She is such a reliable, caring and honest person who is always looking out for your best interest. 
My iphone & ipad - I was so excited to have the latest new technology and wanted to learn as much as I could how to use them, apps, games, programs etc.. 
My likes on fb from a few old girlfriends and one of the really nice comments mentioned about me made me feel appreciated 
jacob's smile when he sees me. it makes me feel so loved and it feels so genuine, truthful and pure with no motive other than innocent joy at seeing me. he makes me feel loveable and it makes me feel compassion and sweetness in my heart. 
Sharing the love of football with my husband by watching a game on tv. 
My Smart phone 
My mother is still living and healthy 
Uninterrupted rest 
survived paralysis and unemployment 
My idea to start our own PLC for E11 was approved. 
Working relationship with design team...efficient, good, work, and fun. 
work with a great staff of therapists 
have the love and support of my family. 
Principal left a gift and a nice note on my desk. 
My road bike. 
A patient boss who's family focussed. 
1. 
Receive my EBT food stamp card 
we have found it in our budget to send Ethan to the Y's after school program again. 
listening to Tom talk about depending on God to care for us instead of money or wealth 
My family 
having my Grandson be able to spend so much time with me. 
my facebook friends are supportive 
My husband. 
Still having my parents. 
went for a nice long walk and met 2 neighbors! 
the conversations with Anne and Sandy today. 
no longer in a toxic marriage and relationship. 
My kids 
being alive, with no handicaps 
the loving disposition of my cats. 
had so many tomatoes to pick. 
I got to take a lunch break with a friend. 
Liz 
spending time today with daughter and grandchildren 
the house I have, a bed to sleep in, food in my kitchen to eat, and a family that cares about me and my well being. 
our air conditioning works and that the new roof appears to keep the house cooler since I am home during the day. 
my roommate gives me massages before bed time, without me asking, almost every night so I can fall asleep easier. 
children 
the man I love, loves me. 
Getting into the graduate architecture program and the staff that helped make it possible. 
I have Cathy as my BFF 
still have a job. 
Took a walk this morning. 
feel proud that my expertise is respected . . . 
my kids are healthy 
spoke with my friend today and her strength and honesty inspired and uplifted me. 
my son and I got to spend some quality time together today. 
God gave me another day. 
Health 
Drugs 
teaching children 
That Katie's first day of first grade was successful, she came home happy having enjoyed it and seeming to have conquered her stress and fear of starting school. 
Thankful the house is going to get cleaned tomorrow 
the job I have. 
my health after accident. 
a fun, bright home to come to after a long day. 
just found out my friend is having baby #2 in the next year! 
He talked to my dad and asked him to take me out to practice driving again so I can re-learn. 
my husband, who loves me so well and fully and lets me know it every day in both big and small ways. 
My husband and children (my family) 
my loving family and being part of matt's family 
some where to sleep 
My family, children and grandchildren 
when I spend time with my son. 
My children. 
how wonderful my children are and that I got to spend time with them today. 
the time spent with my daughters 
Dealing with the sadness, loneliness and frustration I felt with my soon to be ex husband 
Spending quality time with my children. 
my two wonderful daughters. 
was able to get some work done without interruptions. 
My friend on work eze 
having a home where neighbors like to hang out, where everyone feels comfortable. 
love! Joe is the love of my life! 
God 
My new home! 
My client complimented my Ironing Skills. 
1. 
My friend Kristen calls me everyday to make sure that I am feeling okay. 
my mom and my brother, and their support for me. 
My Career as a massage therapist 
a great schedule 
the fact that my children are present in my life, and that I can have an honest dialogue with them, even if it is difficult when we do. 
My best friend can ALWAYS make me laugh! 
my husband 
having 4 healthy beautiful children and knowing they have a caring mother.I am grateful for having people around me who are able to pass their knowledge on to me with no expectations of anything in return. 
To be a part of my grandson life. 
Nice visit with mom. 
I have a job to go to 
My children, especially my daughter----we're so much alike. 
a roof over my head 
was able to multitask. 
Bo was helpful today. 
Today when Hudson and I played a game at walmart and won a bear with September on it's belly. 
My son is healthy, alive, happy 
extremely grateful for my husband who always supports whatever I try to do. 
My grandmother & life 
Bobs head is better 
My children 
b.g. was nice. 
Quiet nights 
My sons 
endlessly grateful to have an awesome baby who I love more than life itself. 
My friend Kathy making me laugh 
My house... 
Going for a walk with Mike and the dog when we got home and just talking. 
Waking up and coming home safely 
My mum made me breakfast, even though we were running late, she still makes sure I'm eating a good meal and for that I am grateful 
Jody showing true investment in our relationship by both calling and skyping me without prompt. 
I didn't have to work today 
a friend called with good news. 
was thankful that someone else had made the decision on what we were having for dinner 
When my daughter was 15 she developed Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. 
a loving family and wife. 
shoes bought them because I could afford them and they matched a dress I had. 
To have a supportive family 
Waking up 
A clean and warm home 
Marantz PM6004: It made me happy because It allowed me to hear music in a better way.If it was taken away from me today I would be annoyed but I would get over it 
my health. 
TGIF - no work till Monday 
clients help me so much when talking about there own problems and challenges. 
Tengo buenos amigos 
very grateful for a wonderful and super supportive husband. 
my mum's cooking, I think she puts in a lot of time into preparing all this food for me and my dad. 
Josh understands I don't always like to go out and I like to just sit at home with a beer and a movie sometimes. 
my wonderful, understanding boyfriend. 
have bought nothing so far as i am unemployed for now. 
to have the support of my family who have been my pillar of support for all these years. 
my sister who is helping in taking care of my son. 
ShoesI'd be sad that I didn't have a more "colorful" shoes to match my outfits, but I could do without them. 
Nothing gratefull happened today , yesturday ..yaaa when my fiance talked to me on skype and he memorized me of the song which we used to listen when we used to go on long drive .. Ifelt sad that he is soo far that i cant explain how much i miss him.. how much i love him . 
A roof over my head. 
helping 
a puppy they gave me I bought a new pair of sneakers I was so happy I got them I felt unstoppable when I wore them if someone would take them ill kill them im greatful for having to kids as a single parent and doing on my own 
My life I've had a long eventful life. 
A friend helped me with a tough situation and asked me how I am doing today 
Generous and loving boyfriend 
my wonderful family all of whom I love dearly. 
My parrot. 
My television - I would miss it terribly 
Picked for the team 
my job. 
My two dogs 
Firstly I'm grateful for a supportive mother. 
3 things I don't stress about anymore....1. 
My kids and Wife are great. 
My cat 
My house 
My mom having a good day 
My mother's tenant problems have moved out. 
my plants having been selected as preferred location for a beautiful little birds nest. 
I listened to the training today to learn more about the products. 
Animals 
my son playing superhero 
not scared of eating just about anything like I was during my pregnancy. 
bought all those little dark glass bottles to make up my own combinations of essential oils. 
Lunch was super relaxed. 
Nice drive to work: other drivers seemed more friendly than usual, no major delays and I remembered to be considerate and let people in (which partly accounts for more friendly drivers:)) 
Large tv did not need. 
was well enough to go out for lunch today with Paul. 
Lena is very friendly and brings a nice energy to GEM Clinic. 
Being able to go take a short drive for some air. 
being born. 
sonny he brings me joy effortlessly 
1. 
Today I am grateful my husband moved around his day to stay home with our daughter so I could spend my day in the company of women who nurture and empower me. 
Being in a negative environment where my integrity is compromised daily. 
my dog and cat are healthy 
1. 
to work with good people. 
Prepared breakfast by mother, I didn't have to do it myself 
Reading up about film studies, deluding myself, just for a little while that, everything is going to be all right. 
My mom who is supportive and loving. 
being happy for all the good things in my life and my bf 
Grateful to my new friend for listening and guiding me to get out of negativity 
my husband ... he is patient and hardworking. 
We lost no fruit last nite during the big stormGratituded gratitude, gratitude...the blessing of having a storm pass over and through and yet we still come to harvest with abundant and beautiful crops.... we practice doing everything within our influence to this end, and time and time again we are blessed. 
having Marina to talk to every Sunday 
talking to my son 
My family: My mum who is always doing all the chores for all of us; for taking me everywhere that I need to go. 
My cousin gets me out of the house on her off days. 
truly grateful to have a kind and loving friend like bahvna bc she has been there for me with ups and down spending time with me always giving me free things and all bc she cares about me as her friend she has a way of saying i love you with all that she does 
ME! 
having mikee in my life Grateful for having a car grateful for having a man that loves and cares for me 
My dog. 
my life and being to almighty 
My washer and dryer - I needed this to do laundry. 
my mother and father 
the roof over my head 
Had enough money to buy lunch out without having to worry about it. 
all the people who have come to see me and rung to support me I have an amazing family and group of friends 
My husband is someone I am grateful for. 
Amazing!! Happy, excited! 
Sharing problems with them mostly helps me feel lighter. 
When i lost all my marks in the question i was most confident about during my exams i realized it was for my good so i don't make that same mistake anymore. 
having Ganesh ji in my life who is a god i believe in and more than that a power in existence making me feel like a beloved daughter by him always. 
Brenda is home! 
Managing Tory 
an understanding husband. 
have a very supportive friend 
robin called methe kids got off to school successfully i got the downstairs clean i started my diet successfully 
the love, support and dedication my fiance provides me, even when i dont show it back. 
cleaned the master bath from top to bottom. 
have work 
to have had amazing parents who showed me unconditional love throughout my life. 
Always having food to eat. 
home in my own bed. 
my lovable mom and dad, I grateful for my lovable sis and bro, I grateful for my bikeI grateful for my Laptop, I grateful for being creativity and productive @home too. 
three good kids 
KP - I am grateful for he is a good and true friend. 
kids, parents 
a friend came to my rescue 
don't know.Everything around me look fine. 
coffee maker 
my son seeing the light. 
I got to raise Sarah until she was a young adult 
1. 
Having family around too have dinner 
Shoes 
Family 
my mom sent me 100$ into a joint checking account through a credit union on campus. 
shoes 
dsa 
Sunny windows that let the house plants thrive. 
slept late and was able to get to my eye appointment with no stress. 
my girlfriend Mary who, if not for her insistence on contacting me, we would not be friends today. 
My husband took Joshua to the park 
my mom sending me spiritual quotes 
My phone. 
I get to move to Alaska soon because of my dads hard work. 
My friend Gina offered to split the cost of a plane ticket for me to fly down to visit her next weekend. 
my friend Judy, who although her husband has terminal cancer still finds time to care about me and what I am feeling in my life. 
My new friend at swimming. 
got a perfect score for an activity given in school 
The fact that my best friend loves me 
I am in a loving relationship. 
Beeren geerntetWaesche gebuegeltGreen Smoothie gemacht 
I have traveled so much 
all the people that are in my life. 
Nathan cooks dinner for me the nights that I'm studying. 
Coming home to a filthy house with negative people. 
Car 
1. 
Pastel paints 
stayed busy with patients who chose to see me. 
My studio set up for me by my Mum, where I'm also allowed to keep the bunnies. 
My fiance 
Mum 
the breakup of my long term relationship, I had an emotional breakdown and got very depressed. 
to have the friends I do because we all cool and chill and shit. 
a very supportive husband who is understanding and supports me with my stress 
beautiful peaceful environment of home 
Having my husband to join me to some tasks I had to complete. 
To have met really great people through my internship 
My sister came over and watched my children which was rare. 
I live in a safe country. 
The weather was beautiful, which makes any day better for me. 
My mom's unwaivering support of me and the things I want to do, and her constant concern about my health issues. 
all the things my parents do for me. 
My daughters opportunity to go to great University 
Got A PPO .. no placement stress. 
the life that God has given me. 
Smoking a blunt and getting a coffee with my best friend chelse. 
I was able to spend time with a guy that I really like. 
Yesterday all my children and grandchildren were with me. 
My good health. 
My family. 
Someone extended an invitation to join a conversation at a social event where I knew only my own children. 
New Digital CameraTaking photos of family members, including my dogs, is something to cherish! 
health 
Tie dye tshirt 
beautiful day 
having a home. 
My friends: momentos que he pasado con mis amigos, especialmente he recordado a mis amigos de la secundaria 
went shopping with my beautiful daughter. 
My mother! 
was able to organize my clothing drawers 
Having a nice home and fantastic family 
My Family 
1. 
got up and went tot he gym and walked on the tredmill. 
hung out with my pops, and mike n k.j., ate, goofed and football 
My hubby- he helps with everything, is loving, looks out for me, helps me, snuggles me, he is my best friend. 
nothing serious happened when the fire alarm went off in our apartment building. 
was able to get up early and go to work happily without being to tired 
my family because not everyone has a strong support system like I do 
my stargate atlantis tv series 
I got to spend time with my family while trick or treating 
didn't have to go to work so I got to spend more time on homework 
My family including Roxie 
my old life in columbus, made me happy because of all my family and friends was there for me.now 
to be alive and breathing. 
Owen got me a bro tank when he was shopping just because. 
My boyfriend appeared to listen to me today. 
my parents did love me and gave me a good childhood. 
The stickers i just purchased. 
guitar I felt fuckin pissted off that I bought it and someone took it away for me It allows me to express myself 
Well mannered kids 
Gold watchI would be annoyed because I just bought it and I would have to buy another one 
my experience growing up in different places because it let me understand different cultures and people. 
my 2 kids 
my physical health and wellbeing, the fact I can move my body, sing, dance and play with my kids, use all of my senses 
The arrival of our 3 year old in our bed, so warm and soft and snugly and the sound of her laughter/giggling 
my two beautiful children are both happy and healthy. 
my kids. 
to have my mom in my life. 
The kids helped around the house 
married to my husband. 
never have to deal with my ex husband again. 
most grateful for my kids and my spouse Glenn. 
bought a leather jacket and I felt good because I wanted to wear it all the time. 
my family 
My love, Yusef. 
my mom, having a new home, a yard for them, to even be a live at this time, tim, darah 
0 
very gratefull to have a loving family if they were not with me i would be dead now 
HE MADE ME LAUGH 
MY BROTHER CALLED 
My family. 
finally getting around to cleaning my son's bedroom, even though it was motivated by my forthcoming house sale, it still felt good once it was done. 
life :) 
my home I feel so relaxed here. 
My son having Asperger's and self harming, I took my sadness on my walks so when home was able to handle it without difficulty 
my two lovely dogs who get me out walking every day. 
my conservatory, its so peaceful sitting in here in the mornings with my cup of tea just looking out at the garden. 
Charlie being such good company at the moment he's a pleasure to look after 
to Phil for doing the hoovering on a regular basis. 
Having a home that I love that makes me feel secure 
Jennifers goat story 
My husband 
AD was supportive, relaxed, wanted to help me 
Got nice food at homenice communicationgood evening walk and socializing 
My little daughter she makes me happy and calmShe has been a source of joy and calm inspite of everything 
got to work on time and was able to settle in 
I don't have to work. 
quickly called ING and fixed the login issue 
The first thing I am grateful for is my son & the baby in my womb. 
shelter 
He got back from a studying trip in LA a little bit before the time just so we could solve all our problems. 
a telephone call from my friend Cheryl. 
wife 
Bobby 
having such a wonderful boyfriend and such a supportive, loving family and friends. 
My grandson, Kolten, he's so precious 
My boyfriend made me breakfast 
Getting a job, or doing job interviews. 
Vickie wrote to wish me that I'm having a good day 
Grateful to have a job.. 
Rigdon. 
having a daughter so late in life. 
have people who know me and care about me. 
The army, I handled most dangerous situations without fear or stress. 
My brother and his wife visiting 
Candice and Amanda - my daughters make me happy and I'd be empty without them. 
My home. 
being a stay at home mom 
My commute was way way shorter, it's now only 15 minutes instead of 45, and I got to wake up next to my amazing boyfriend before even going on my new wonderful commute in my amazing new apartment 
my mom's friendship and doing things together every weekend. 
my view of the ocean. 
Today i felt very happy to particpate to the family dinner in the Dutch language 
My home. 
1. 
Hiring an attorney for myself. 
my husband, Mark. 
When my husband came home for lunch today, he said that I look really cute. 
didn't make any mistakes with my chocolate chip carrot cake; it came out perfectly. 
Mikael... sleeping next to him, sleeping with him, waking up to him, knowing he will always be there for me and that I can recognise myself when I'm with him. 
Waking up each morning to my son's beautiful smile. 
the time I have had with my daughter these past few weeks. 
Getting ready to celebrate a birthday tonight. 
my dad dying 
Today I thankful my animals are healthy and and food to eat. 
being alive 
my van and ability to drive. 
Alexa. 
Music, jamming, good equipment, flow, love good relationshiips , awesomeness, gnarliness, good clothing, artistic experiences 
my husband being so sweet and trying to make things better between us. 
A woman I previously worked with at LM called to see how I was and offered me a link for possible jobs. 
My oldest daughter enjoyed the sandwich I brought her for lunch. 
I have a wonderful man in my life who I get to share everything with and who thinks the world of me! 
Being healthy, being able to walk, to stand, to work out, to run a little. 
It was a nice day when I took a walk, and I was grateful for living where I do. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
helped sort out the difficult telecom and lots of people thanked me 
Jo 
Healthy 
my fiance rubbed my back last night to help relieve some of the tension I have been carrying around. 
My home 
Meagan and Corey 
a beautiful morning spent with my mum and daughter - 3 generations of happiness 
the opportunity to connect with a kindred spirit today. 
navigated losing my father to a 15 month battle with motor neurone disease. 
unconditional love and complete absence of judgement - I feel so well held, cared for and accepted 
finished my tips for week 7 of my '8 weeks to a better bodymind' challenge. 
my sweet Mother and the beautiful connection we share together with my little one, Charlotte Rose. 
There is always a silver lining - I'm grateful that my early morning walk and the natural surrounds reminded me of this. 
We clawed our way back from a toddler tantrum to enjoy a really happy family breakfast together. 
it's been an odd day, not a great one, but there are still things for which I am grateful:The weather was appalling today, so I am grateful that I only had one walk and talk session scheduled, rather than a whole day of lost work. 
readily accessible medical care that I trust. 
My home, my sanctuary. 
Hotel Room 
Grateful for a caring boyfriend 
1. 
Things are flexible around here & I have a lot of autonomy, even when things are tighter than usual. 
1. 
John helping Grace to get ready this morning while I dropped Kate at her tap exam 
sore joints - being stiff 
God. 
Grateful for that my brother and sister in law asked me to pick up my nephew at day care. 
Dont have to worry about deciding weather or not to go a massage course, doing it. 
My Mom - being able to have her with me and just her presence even when just 'being' 
have a job that pays well and I am doing something meaningful for people 
caring principals. 
It is going to allow me to have choices in MA 
My family 
Good Learning experience at Job 
a peaceful nights sleep, fresh green grass, blue skies, smell of rain, pretty flowers and hot cups of tea. 
My Family 
my dog 
well paying job in this economy 
Everyone says Good Morning and asks how things are going. 
having a home and husband and doggies 
my family. 
life and wellness. 
Stasha 
would buy a load of wood to heat my house, I would see the relief on my husbands face that he didn't have to cut the wood himself, I would enjoy the few minutes extra time with him and I would feel my wonderful tired muscles from helping to stack the wood. 
got the bathroom and the kitchen clean 
A great job 
definitely grateful for the supportive loved ones I have in my life. 
Today I was able to go to church. 
One thing that makes my life is to be able to go out into my kitchen and be learn new cooking techniques and then put them to use making something special for my family be it a new cupcake flavor or a gourmet meal. 
1. 
1. 
hoodie 
losing the farm 
the house was clean from my daughter last night 
I have the boys. 
Patience came to my ear acupuncture workshop. 
my children and that they are healthy and smart! 
my brother is feeling better 
Beats 
A summer dress. 
Made headway on two projects 
didnt deny to eat pizza jajaja, My husband love it.I prefer eat another thing jajaja Im mexican I love enchiladas etc. 
Subaru Forester: Couldn't believe I had a new nice car. 
My mom is helping me out with an awfully stressful situation because "That's what moms are for." 
my cat - she's a really awesome stress-buster. 
Life 
I am the type of person that is loyal and my word is meaningful. 
Being able to help my daughter when one of my granddaughters was sick. 
I work with wonderful women who I really love and care for. 
My son 
A loving partner who has supported me through some really hard times. 
my sister. 
my mom cleaned my kitchen 
grankids, I love them, Im thankful for my husband, Im thankful for my sisterlaw, shes always there for me 
My husband bringing me my coffee 
Packing for a trip right now. 
Yesterday, E.N. and I got along better than we usually do when he first arrives home. 
My cat, Dexter, who is loving and wonderful and fun. 
opened up a savings account for my little cousin. 
my loving and supporting husband. 
My three children 
My sisters and my Dad are yes they are family but they show me love gratitude and give me my humor 
My daughter 
My friends Keep the real people in my life and rid myself of those who are fly by night friends who are not true friendsRid those whose habits are unhealthy for me 
God 
God 
A neighbor brought me some fresh produce from her garden. 
have everything that I could want. 
Thankful that my pain was manageable today...to the point that cleaning house was enjoyable. 
Rachel- her spiritBen- his heartJerad for being a 22 year old man in SF CAAnthony for allowing me to grow as an employee 
I have co-workers who truly care about me and how I am feeling. 
New carfelt good to exchange a car for another one that is more valuable 
mm grateful for my family they are the most important things in my life, I love seeing them happy 
Dyson 
my husband. 
Having a job 
the time =that I got to spend in Philly this weekend. 
not working for Lisa anymore. 
Hubby took care of cleaning the porch, now I don't have to do it tomorrow. 
my fiance Blake & am looking forward to spending the rest of my life with him & having a wonderful family together 
A friendly greeting from a colleague. 
Smaller part of Jeans- Some one taking from the laundry mat. 
Supervisor looks up to me for moral support. 
my kids who keep me going and getting out of bed every day. 
to have a husband who loves me regardless of my struggles in life. 
amn grateful that Mr. Rothermel is helping me become a better teacher 
was a quiet uneventful day, able to get some paperwork accomplished. 
my supportive, listening mom. 
Helen was born and raised in Chicago. 
had the ingredients to make a nice lunch. 
1. 
1. 
randy 
my cousin that gave me a place to live when I was homeless 
finally found the energy to clean the car out, 
God 
my kids 
to having a loving father who will drop whatever he is doing to help me out when I need it. 
When I was pregnant with my second child, my husband at the time decided that he did not want to be married any longer. 
to have three beautiful daughters that do not have anything medically wrong with them. 
Funny: He likes to make jokes but is also very ticklish. 
My Mom called to check on me after I told her that I wasn't feeling well. 
got my homework done 
able to come home and sit and talk with my kids about their day over dinner. 
My biological family use to be a stress for me. 
the education opportunities I am given. 
My tutoring went well 
My cat, Leia. 
a coworker invited me to a group dinner 
my own apartment. 
1. 
being healthy 
My husband Steve, he loves me unconditionally..he accepts any limits my health places on me and him...and gladly will make dinner or even do all the shopping...and when we are able he will make an imprompto trip to the beach. 
would feel happy.... the new apt would be a reflection of our new life together...It would look like we are planning to stay here not just for a little bit for the long haul... 
was able to get some housework done today while my grandson slept for almost two hrs. 
My family's health. 
Being alive 
my job makes me focus on my own presence and 
Being trusted to complete a task without getting the attitude most other people get. 
a place to live 
my room. 
I have a warm/cool place to stay. 
The first issue of the Dexter comic book, Dexter Down Under. 
my dad stopped by my work to say HI. 
got to go see Matthew's house. 
I have a home to come home to every night, it is a nice home with nice things in it and I have remodeled it to almost exactly like I want it 
Co-workers expressed how much they missed me 
Playing with kids and was fully engaged 
My Food, Clothing, & Shelter 
Grateful my husband is here with me 
My apartment that keeps me safe and is cute. 
have some money in my checking account 
The first thing I am grateful for is my husband, Paul.I am grateful for my mother who has always been there for me. 
My family and their health 
my parents can help me with my loans 
Loving hard working husband. 
My kids 
Friends who understand me 
my children and my neighbors being there for me these last few days that I have been in serious pain and needed a ride to the doctor. 
Spending time with my son 
linedancing 
I am a kind empathetic person that has lived well and not so well and I think that has made me a kinder less judgmental person. 
Keith-- a sweet, caring Man who wants to be with me through it all. 
Today was World Gratitude Day, so I gave special thanks to my Father for loving me so much and being in my life now (he was not around through childhood). 
my commute is only 20 minutes even in traffic. 
family 
was able to spend some quality time with a friend that I haven't seen in some time. 
Gracie and Emily and God's love through JesusParentssister n familyextended family and friendshome and schools for girls 
have a comfortable home 
Judi loving Rod with me. 
purse, upset if it were taken, has a lot of personal identity to me 
apt 
Social reform 
Finished High School. 
My Health 
Got packages packed and mailed off. 
to feel loved by my extended family. 
My family 
was able to get homework done earlier than I thought I was going to be. 
Making healthy eating choices today 
Health insurance!! Thank God I have coverage with my husband's job: Especially since I've had breast cancer...any type of insurance would be astronomical 
My Father and his Son and the Holy Spirit is the reason that i have life and is also what makes my life so great and it is because of him that I am alive and living well 
Lila was an amazing help for the project I was working on. 
no longer in a job that was eating away at my soul. 
Acceptance into nursing school 
To be alive 
Diamond Ring - It was so beautiful and expensive and I always wanted one. 
We don't always get along, but I have a mom that taught me to think of others before myself, without realizing that she did; she still does it with me, knowing how hard it is to watch her go through what she's going through, she puts me first. 
Jamie creating the lolita meetup and personally posting it on my facebook pade :) 
was on time leaving for work and the drive was better and less stressful. 
my family because they bring joy to my life. 
being alive 
was able to relax when I got home tonight. 
roof over my head 
People that love me 
My job 
Waking up everyday 
iphone felt so happy that I was content and dint need anything buti felt happy becuz I felt more connected with the electronic worldmy sons health,moms health, my health 
got hugs from the grandchildren. 
my daughter is home is with me, and that I have a future with her. 
A nice sunny day 
My son...he's so loving 
Grateful I have time to attend to home things, like picking up my son, talking to my husband, and making banana bread. 
No one had to be restrained/no incidents 
to have a job that pays decent money and provides benefits 
Finding a place to live in Shoreline 
When i came home sam and the other dogs were happy to greet me 
Serrinity she is a great granddaughter 
my family, patience with my injury, Gnomes helping me. 
vacation started yesterday 
my husband taking care of leak in roof 
my children . 
my family- is always there for me no matter what 
My son 
Grateful for friends who believe I am valuable and invite me to important outing and events. 
1. 
it wasn't for him I wouldn't have the life that have now. 
was able to spend the day with my husband and he changed the oil in my vehicle. 
Used clothing from a thrift store for an interviewI will only be using them once, most likely. 
My friend Sarah and her devotion, love and support. 
my friends who call me out on my shit in loving and supportive ways, who laugh at my self deprecating jokes, and who ecnourage me to be me (only, a little bit better.) 
have the ability to ride my bike(s). 
Kirk is a gentleman. 
-her unique and quirky sense of humor.-her 
cheated on my diet and didn't beat myself up about it. 
My Harley, I couldn't believe I finally had a bike, I was so happy and proud of my bike. 
Roo picked me up an gave me a ride to Albion in the rain. 
life 
My family is so special. 
have 3 healthy daughters 
My mom helped me look for something I'd lost without complaining. 
my daughter cooked me dinner today and it was delicious 
My son 
have taken my Daughter to College every day 
having a wonderful, loving family. 
GREATFUL TO HAVE SUCH GOOD PARENT WHO LOVE ME SO MUCH.THEY UNDERSTAND ME REAL WELL 
My big comfortable bed with my beautiful doona that I chose. 
The beauty in my home 
The laughter of my son when we were cleaning his room and that we can have fun while doing a chore 
iam grateful to my bestfriend for coming to temple with me 
The woman with Sebrina who was very impressed with the way I handled her cat. 
chemistry classes 
phoebe took me to the casting event 
Wife put up an ad to sell her car for me 
my children 
Having good health 
t-shirts from a charity 
a new dining room table. 
Ben and Jerry's Chocolate Fudge Brownie Ice Cream 
My wife and kids. 
feel grateful for having a job. 
New clothes for the kids. 
my family and my children, without them my life would have no purpose. 
the love of God , its because of his grace that I am who I am today. 
to god today for helping me out think in a positive manner. 
Today's Thank you is for my dearest friend who is there to help me always, Abhijith 
Caleb is a really good guy and he appreciates me a lot. 
used to worry about getting enough gigs (musician) to support myself. 
Writing my journal as I do most mornings, trying to reframe negative thought patterns. 
lucky to have Aditya as my Best friend and Husband . 
Paul has taken LC. 
Held the door open for me. 
family 
the new friends I met last night. 
My football teams won. 
Grateful for my family 
the Chat I had with Hubby today! 
Firstly I am grateful for the beautiful life god has provided me! 
My husband 
first I am thankful for our new house... Despite the extreme time it will take to get it completely livable . 
My meeting was canceled 
super grateful for my soccer team and how totally supportive they are, how willing they are to help each other out no matter what and how much fun we have together. 
don't have to worry about fighting with Michael or him paying bills on time. 
no matter, my fears that I have are ones that I have superimposed guessing I need something to fret and worry about. 
have a job to pay the bills 
Cats are fixed 
Eddie for his support and presence 
aliquotting ELISA controls 
Learning to be healthier 
Exstatic 
my children because they remind me to smile and to not let my bad mood get the best of me. 
I am alive today 
tyler and i get to watch another episode of once apon a time together. 
my roommates. 
to have a smart, beautiful, sensitive daughter. 
was grateful that clinton truly saw and understood he can trust me 
Smokes. 
Sleeping Bag: Was happy because i bought it for canada, i went immediately in it to sleep, showed it to friednds and family, it was my start of the trip 
my house and my husband. 
Supportive family 
Elated! First new car in 15 years! 
my sister, she loves me unconditionally and knows how to make me feel better about my life. 
grateful; to have a flexible schedule where I am able to customize my time spent at home with the kids. 
my mother and I are working on our relationship. 
My car. 
was given high praise by someone from another agency because I helped him quickly with a task he needed yesterday, even though I was extremely busy. 
Waking up next to my lady love and our snuggly dogs. 
my husband is a very thoughtful and appreciative man who cares about me deeply. 
the family I come from and the means they have provided for me. 
my family today. 
An extremely thoughtful and empathetic son...At the waiting room in the Dr.'s office today, my son, on his own accord, suddenly bolted out the door... 
Rain 
Wonderful, healthy family!Beautiful daughterloving husbandhappy pets 
My dog, Yoda 
Getting to a meeting 
My friend Karen texting me back. 
Having a home and sharing it with my grandma. 
feeling less ill -- I'm not as congested as I was, and I didn't cough a lot during the night the way I have been. 
discovered many new solo or co-op games on Amazon, partly by luck and partly through research! 
Wendy Wagner said I was like a ray of sunshine. 
Discovering that Powell's would buy my Dresden books, Game of Thrones, Doctor Who, and two Succubus novels. 
We have a permanent home now! 
Excitement! 
My board games (Pandemic, Elder Sign, Castle Panic, Forbidden Island). 
Nicole wants to Skype! Very excited about reconnecting with her. 
Little notes of support or sharing from my friends -- Karel, Cassie, Nayad, Carole. 
made a great chicken soup. 
My ride to work was stress free 
have a mom, dad and brother who are well. 
a day to myself 
my dogs 
the thunderstorm this morning. 
my wonderful family. 
Donnie is such a great big brother to Chloe and helps out so much. 
to have friends that appreciate my creative talents and encourage me to nurture my talents even when I dont feel motivated. 
נדב והגר - מדהימים, מקסימים וכל כך באותו ראש איתי. 
waking up next to my boyfriend who hugs me and asks if i slept well 
having a roof over my head and a bed to sleep in. 
My Kids 
My husband who is on my side no matter what 
I'm off from work today and can spend some time alone and also spend time with my boyfriend. 
currently have a job. 
life and my health and the limitless possibilities still open to me. 
Will's wake up and breakfast/getting dressed went fairly smoothly today in comparison. 
my health. 
I work a part-time job so that I can attend appointments and take my son to the doctor. 
Major chore done this morning by partner. 
My wonderful boyfriend who has given me a home that is quiet and serene. 
That everything went well at my husbands meeting. 
waking up this morning and able to enjoy a brand new day. 
feed my sister some of my lunch. 
My family 
Steve 
having a place of my own 
My iPod touch.When I first got it, I was thrilled, and it soon became my best friend. 
My health 
My health 
got a application approved at work for move in. 
pink crossover purse for interviewing. 
It's hard to say, because I'm unemployed. 
The first thing that brightened my day was at Tully's Restaurant. 
Health to be able to play golf 
Talked to me about my future and what I was planning on doing 
My new piano! 
A friend who gave me a ride. 
My husband 
Rodney and the work he does for us around and outside the home. 
made headway in launching my experiment. 
the pasta I had for lunch; it was nutritious and delicious. 
was able to relax in recliner this morning with quiet time by myself for a whole hour. 
my husband, James. 
Sleeping in 
Gabby - I made a beautiful and very funny little girl that has set very high goals for herself. 
so grateful for my son, Aidan, who is truly my "miracle child." 
I walked into Starbucks to get my drink and do some studying, I had several of the staff ask how my first days of school went. 
so grateful for my sponsor. 
Acceptance into the DNRS program! 
have some pretty amazing friends. 
my family knowing i am there for them.I emailed my sister and wasn't harsh to her 
cell phone 
Kindle 
my wife. 
Roman didn't try to run away this morning. 
accomplished a lot today, yet still had some downtime for personal things. 
Time to exercise today 
People I didn't even speak to this year wished me happy birthday 
time to myself to think through things or do things I want. 
the time and energy to do an art project with my children and for my husband being home and able to help me clean it up. 
don't have to worry about living near an addict anymore! 
getting some validation and positive feedback on facebook tonight from someone I have not connected with in a long time. 
my gym membership - i was so proud of myself for going everyday and i felt great . 
Ron is endlessly supportive 
my family everyday. 
today that I had the energy and desire to cook dinner for the girls. 
the grants that allow me to go to college 
Rob, who is a loving man who sees the best in me. 
involved in Polvorones 
Money, so much as I did years ago. 
My JP furniture. 
sport amazing looks for my age.I have a steady job..I can afford certain luxuriesMy rooster of interesting friends 
The Polvorones message to uplift my spirits because I realised J's joke 
tidied my home 
Montse and Fernando are supportive 
was ready early this morning and had time to eat before work and drive calmly. 
I have a great job to go to everyday 
Spending time with my family. 
My daughters. 
I have such a beautiful and comfortable home to live in. 
1. 
would probably purchase a condo so that I could stop throwing away money. 
left with some amount of autonomy and time to tend to personal matters. 
my kids 
my job 
my mother and sister who have been there . 
A wonderful first PT visit for Pooh Bear. 
to have my health. 
Funny- he is always trying to have fun, laugh, and entertain others. 
My amazing husband who love and supports me and has made my dreams of a family come true, times 2! 
i sold some clothes and was able to buy some groceries for myself and Estie 
would buy a session of skin resurfacing and a small face lift. 
The first thing I am grateful for is being able to spend 3 months at home with my newborn. 
Grateful that my first meeting went well 
have a friend inviting me for dinner 
My parents are supportive of my life and help me when I can't help myself. 
My children 
have three beautiful, smart children. 
my mum and sister 
my incredible and supportive girlfriend who has made such an effort to deal with my anxiety and moods. 
Getting a job after graduation! 
had a great extended morning with Egg and was able to relax a bit. 
1. 
minutes of cuddle time with my honey. 
my family. 
Lots of new clothes because I've lost weight - I was so excited to be able to fit into smaller sizes and that I "needed" new clothes. 
A coworker made me laugh at work 
very thankful for my husband. 
jumping up and down celebrating my new car....a new jeep. 
a loving home with family members who care. 
we had a nice meal for dinner 
so grateful for my dogs and cats. 
over-volunteered. 
TV 
my husband, David, because he is patient and giving, understands me, lets me be myself in all my craziness, and still makes me laugh. 
my family. 
enjoying my son Jonathan's musical interludes with the ukelele. 
Jewelry. 
would go through every single "exra" in the car and play with it. 
my husband. 
What makes my life great is a wonderful home life. 
Today, I got an email complimenting me on my presentation last week. 
1. 
Eleis, because she has helped me find a new identity 
Parents who can help me financially while I try to get back on my feet. 
Dave - because he has helped me realize that I am an ok person.. a likeable person. 
A coworker surprised me with buying my lunch 
My puppies always happy to see me and love me. 
Kassidy my amazing granddaughter. 
had a very nice person give me my CT scan results. 
Having a really good friend that I can lean on when my inner life feels like crap. 
A bed to sleep in 
my husband making extra effort to calling and making me feel loved. 
My neighborhood..It is lovely and consitently there everyday with sites and sounds. 
GRATEFUL FOR MY MOTHER BECAUSE SHE HAS BEEN A ROCK THRU EVERY TRIAL AND TRIBULATION NOT JUST WITH ME AND MY UPS AND DOWNS BUT WITH OTHER FAMILY MEMBERS SHE HAS BEEN RIGHT THERE AND SHE SHOWS STRENGTH AT ALL TIMES!!! 
My work 
often worry now that something is going to happen to me while I sleep 
my puppies always willing to kiss me 
A student with whom I have a good connection stopped by to see me "just because" (Evan L.) 
My ex-husband: waiting for him to move on with his career, and constantly wondering whether he was spending money behind my back, were constant stressors. 
got to sleep a little later this morning. 
don't have to worry about a stressful relationship any longer. 
My mother. 
a fluffy that is able to love me unconditionally. 
the easy commute I had this morning. 
had lunch with yazan 
My oldest son and I did several simple experiments that explored rainbows. 
Coworker gave me a gift. 
was able to cook dinner for Mum and Dad after work today. 
a job. 
Teri - because she is there for me when I need her. 
Got to ride my bike to work with my boyfriend. 
or not my husband is drunk 
Grateful for Taco Tuesdays with my husband! 
Bob-Accepts me as I am now. 
my daughter is healthy and happy. 
i have a husband that has put up with my depression and the fact that i am so unhappy. 
My hubby took care of the boys all day so I could go exercise, teach piano lessons, get cleaned up, go see a movie, make an orange ninja hippo costume, & make soup. 
my car 
My sons for their love 
not having my parents upset with me this week 
my family and my pug! 
Gary...he's a pain sometimes nut we have a great fun together. 
Yasser was so thoughtful that he gave me gifts from Egypt! 
as of right now, I am able to stay at home. 
Having some time off work 
have achieved a long sort after goal. 
Knowing I have a friend to call when I need it 
Bullying at work 
Bush walk 
ys 
My husband for helping me when I need it 
I am able to wake up and move my arms and legs and that I can see and hear. 
today I was able to operate more in my professional area - training and employee data 
A large TV. 
my son, Kyle because he reminds me how far I have come and still how far I need to go. 
a job that pays me very well for what I do with great benefits. 
yesterday because I finally had a chance to enjoy my life. 
Lily seems to be enjoying karate and is enthusiastic about keeping with it and progressing. 
My son is a very generous, thoughtful man. 
my home my horses my husband and animals 
Having a roof over my head. 
My daughter Chelsea is there and she loves her home, it gives her a sense of comfort. 
Helping my daughter with a psychology project. 
My daughter. 
Alabama being home and healing 
I have plenty of nourishing food to eat. 
to have a comfortable home with air conditioning. 
my friend and sons godmother Angie, because she has always been there for us when times were tough 
delicious new breakfast I made 
my niece-she is strong and resilient 
woke up 
My mother because she helps me whenever I need it and she is extremely supportive and an active part in my daily life. 
was able to spend another night with Jenny 
visit from a friend 
to be alive today,healthy, and safe among my loving partner and her daughter. 
was grateful that the staff at the BMV was so kind and took a very good photo of me for my license. 
C I am grateful for conversations with my partner, since we never run out of things to talk about 
coworker showed up for work. 
I was able to stay home today and just have a "rest" day 
Laptop 
to be alive and well and in my right frame of mind, i am also greatful for having such a great family and for my grandkids I love them all 
finished posting payments 
I had a chance to talk with a friend, feel understood and helped her with a project 
Jonathan called me in a panic attack and I was able go to him and to help him calm down and return to happiness. 
Nobody came to observe my class. 
Got to work on time 
my loving husband 
Ipad 
I am living close to family. 
don't have anxiety attacks anymore. 
new APT 
bunco 
Julian cooking an amazing dinner last night.I wasn't feeling the best and he bought salmon (my favourite) and told me to sit and just rest while he cooked up a storm. 
Mary, she is there for me. 
Today Sydney and Bear picked up the boys from school while they were out. 
I had time to lie in the sun by the pool. 
A decent job. 
my good friend and coach, Thom. 
my artistic and creative abilities and look forward to nurturing them in the future. 
was thankful that my new chairs were delivered when I got home from work 
Daniel because he is such a resilient person. 
Steve because he is funny, intense and sarcasticHampton because he teaches me every day to be kind and patient. 
have a job where people seem to value me. 
Lauren Fussell, my cutiebutt, for making me feel special and encouraging me when I'm stressed out. 
I get to hang out with my little siblings at home. 
(Jan 1st) Before I headed to work for the day, I got to see my siblings. 
Did good follow up with Jon, Casey, Tessa. 
Abigail said she and one other student were the only ones out of 22 that knew the answer to the math question. 
Getting the emotional response from a donor/volunteer about language I put together for an event. 
Corey because we are still here, still working, still focusing on our relationship. 
My clients tell me how talented and loving I am. 
Had a great day riding 
My amazing husband and our beautiful family! 
Being able to help others feel better physically and mentally. 
my baby roommate for making dinner tonight while I was at pilates. 
That Evan lets me live with him in the condo that he purchased and I don't have to rent. 
My Kindle-- I haven't been using it because I've been reading paper books and using my phone for music, but it's so awesome that I can keep an entire library in my purse. 
Cell phone - I really needed a new cell phone, but I didn't necessarily have to have a top of the line phone. 
Phil we have been together for 35 yearsmy girlsmy home 
my home 
was able to complete six stacks of renewals in one afternoon - a first! 
Jeff Shannon. 
I was able to stay home today to finish being sick without having to worry about work. 
don't have to worry about finances. 
Being able to chat endlessly with Andrea about Kpop which turns into talking about everything and anything. 
dealt with Ann 
Daniel, he's a loyal friend, hard worker, ever ready to make me laugh or share a hug. 
called all of the people I needed to at work today. 
the hat looks god 
Mom! 
My husband, he is my best friend and takes care of me. 
we're getting asked to bid on a competitive project that is of good size. 
Visit with grandson, son and daughter-in-law. 
Paid the PSE bill early 
the 15 Ladybugs on the picture window. 
dont feel like anything anymore 
to have my own house, that I don't need to share it with a bunch of room mates. 
Aimee - She lets me talk about all the problems I've had with Josh without being judgmental. 
The meeting with Cindy Toby and Becky to get me on the path to management 
My husband took over after dinner and gave our daughter a bubble bath (and they had fun!). 
Don't have to worry about my husband getting through law school or finding a job anymore. 
Alarm - I've been looking at new alarm clocks for some time. 
Mom's health is improving so dramatically and that she and Dad are feeling so much more positive about the future. 
my kids and husband are healthy and safe 
Synchronistic events and the subtle distinctions about my work that learned while seeing clients today. 
having such an awesome son. 
my herbalife coach Jessie for showing me the way to improve my lifestyle and sticking by my side. 
Thankfully I don't have to worry about choosing what I want to go to school for! 
help out a family member with a problem 
My husband's new job. 
having my mother in my life. 
we have a place of our own 
mail from friends in nyc 
that Courtnie is alive, Nevaeh, Nathen, Mom, brothers, cousins, friends in my life 
the people that help me each day with every day things like getting to work an home. 
An in-ground sparkling pool that I can swim in any time I want to! 
my job 
my mom she have always been there for me and she always love me 
My Mom, she is always there for me no matter what, even when she doesn't agree with my decisions she is always there and I don't know what I would do without her. 
guilty about spending money on myself 
Good Health. 
Silk yarn, I love the texture and imagining what I will make with it. 
My son's enthusiasm with regard to his boat 
Travis and I applied for our marriage license. 
having a dedicated support system with my family, especially my mother and brother, who live closest to me. 
Tim loves me and is good to me 
I am able to be a stay at home Mom. 
My dogs 
was able to write in my journal and have some time to let my emotions flow. 
when Cora woke up from her nap she was laughing and happy. 
when I'm having a hard time Scott takes over and lets me have a 'time out'. 
my husband because he completes me...we are so different that I feel like with him I am a whole self. 
friends and family that support me. 
Having Medical to be able to fix my knees, especially since there are so many people out there do not have the same opportunity. 
Went for lunch with my co-worker 
My husband he's my heart 
Subcommitte is working great 
Drinks and Dinner with Stephanie 
Laurie as she is someone I can talk to plus she makes life easier.I'm grateful for Dad when he helps me with Mom.I'm grateful for Maizy & Daizy because they have the power to cheer me up when I need it. 
having drinks with my friends last night made me grateful that i have life long friends (10 years plus) 
get to interact and be creative with some wonderful people 
my parents and their financial support as I continue my education. 
to have my wife and son - they mean a lot to me. 
my Mom is doing better 
Having someone who loves me 
dan 
my trip to the airport went well despite being tired and on a conference call. 
so grateful for my health and wellness, and grateful for Jamie making the decision to get healthy. 
I had a safe commute to work; listened to some good music on the way and enjoyed the beautiful morning skies. 
RANDOM ACTS OF KINDNESS... 
My family are always there for me and always will be! 
My husband Mike as he always looks at the good in situations and people. 
Alexander Mead Hulett, my lovely son. 
Watching Landon play soccer for the first time. 
Aimee's cookie post 
Bad marriage 
It's nice to be back in Florida with people who know me better than when I'm on the road. 
the last two years I've been helping my boyfriend deal with a custody battle which is finally over. 
have been worried about my daughter who is a high school senior having a tough time in school. 
My godmother always made sure i was taken care of. 
Taking pictures of nature and enjoying it 
French toast for breakfast. 
My current living situation 
My family loves me, respects me and supports me in all I do. 
Jessica feeling better 
Nikki contacted me and told me she was proud of me 
Saw Eveline today for the first time in like ten years... she was as happy to see me as I was to see her! 
shared an interesting perspective on a future fantasy 
Today my oldest turned 20. 
the delicious smoothie I got to make for breakfast this morning. 
Katrina- for staying with me when I get down and for putting up with my negativity 
my children are doing better in school. 
Espresso machine 
my husband has a good paying job. 
supportive parents that will drive me four hours to a job interview.I am grateful to have plenty of food, a roof over my head and 
very grateful because I'm alive. 
robert 
masz takie koltuny-słowa Stacha i zabawa we fryzjera 
the love, appreciation and admiration i am receiving from peopl; dima's "u r a great guy", raya's "u r a gentleman", Nours smiles and chat, meeting lama, , mitry 
the number of people who liked ali's photo and also complimented me. 
laptop: having my own laptop was something that i've always dreamed of. 
Scuba Diving 
having Ali in my life, the last two mornings were the best 
yesterday i was relaxed in the outing, was able to maintain conversation and be present 
enjoyed the sun with mom today and yesterday and i think this has made her feel better 
dont have to worry about buying a house for the family 
was brave enough to ask lk out and ask her if she liked my new shoes 
my thing all I do is work the whole time im there 
my grand children playing soccer 
My meeting with Francesca was good and constructive. 
Break-up.I concentrated on my feelings, accepted them. 
Flat Screen TV - It made me happy because I enjoy watching movies, sport and documentaries. 
to my boys for making me laugh every day. 
My mom cooks very nice and tasty food for me. 
K. Because he cares for me. he makes me feel so happy. 
My worst student made some great progress 
All my furballs are safe and healthy. 
fariha- she is my best freind.....she is very sensitive, helpful and like me very much 
My BoyfriendMy dogsI'm not Homeless 
janet 
Wes, Because he is there for me when I need him most. 
my sweet mama! 
my wonderful loving supportive family, roommates and sweet animals that roam the house. 
peace in my home 
nyc pair of shoes 
Henry because he really loves me. 
the ride i got to work, even though the person who drove me doesn't have an obligation and is also sick. 
know that God is in control, and even when I don't know what is ahead of me, he does, and will keep me. 
my beautiful smart daughter 
Jestem wdzięczny za to, że dzieciaki zawsze do mnie lgną, bezwarunkowo. 
Choroba układu moczowego Tomka 
Brad taking the time to take me out to eat and get me out of the house. 
I have a job that I am able to complete from home at times. 
my car 
My children 
my bff, April -- she has always been there for me and vice versa. 
The cleaner came today 
my family` 
Today's first- I got five extra minutes of sleep because my husband got up with the dog :) 
That my grandson went back to school. 
Taxes are paid on the house til February. 
had a nice chat on-line with a very good friend I have not been in touch with for some time. 
Finding myself things to do. 
My husbands helpmy Children laughingmy sweet cat 
was able to complete some work and finalise a programme for the weeks coming 
have a job 
Grateful for having such a Loving Husband 
My family cares about my well being 
my husband because he loves me, appreciates me and is always full of compliments. 
I have friends I can count on. 
Helped putting funiture together from IKEA without complaining 
bedroom furnitureappreciate the space, the wood and tropical motif 
The concept paper didn't take as long to write as I thought. 
Working from home. 
had extra time for myself this morning before work. 
My Native American friend made me smile with a long morning text. 
Having a job doing something I love. 
yesterday Travis and I had a mature sit down. 
Last night was the highlight of my day. 
My Grandma really listened are comforted me. 
Being who I am 
have an incredibly patient, supportive, and loving partner. 
Beautiful home 
Loving and supporting husband. 
Sarah, she sent me the "elephant blog" today. 
My Husband 
Talking with Trina the other day about how we're both struggling. 
don't have to worry about being a fundraiser any more and having to balance expectations from multiple groups - yay! 
Özgen is such a good friend of mine that she listens to me without judgment and she always is helpful and kind.She is like a sister without any family tension sorta thing.She is a supportive friend in many ways.Im glad she is my friend.She has such an impact in my self-improvement. 
Family. 
don't have to worry about whether my family loves me. 
woke up early and was able to do a bit of cleaning in order to tidy up my house. 
wii i brought it to play games with grandchildren found they just fought over it 
A friend emailed me. 
to myself.for 
having a loving relationship with a man who truly loves me 
Working out. 
my husband 
My sister: she is my only friendship. 
my kids 
Thankful that I can be a stay at home Mom. 
My son. 
a solid job with a stable employer. 
my sister because when i was down, she was there by me. 
alex - he is always there for me 
have someone who tells me they love me everyday 
My children. 
my sisters. 
Lucky to have a job, even though I complain about it ;> I know that my current level of comfort could not be possible if I was not gainfully employed and have good - no, make it great, health insurance and other benefits. 
Day 84 since quitting smoking. 
my husband, because he gives me unconditional love...something I didn't realize I had ever experienced until him. 
it feels great to know someone worries about my well being. 
Neil. 
Bored 
My mother. 
got wifi 
my health. 
Kean cleaned a bunch of the kitchen this morning and had a positive attitude about it. 
my husband 
my freinds appreciated a gesture i made for them 
Rita, she has taught me how to spot my thinking and how to deal with it. 
John and his cheery happy attitude in the morning that helps me to set the mood for the day!! 
mobile 
My husband, for sticking with me through thick and thin. 
studied at a famous school at our city. 
settled quickly 
cant think of a thing yesterday that made me feel thankful 
to have three beautiful boys and a supportive husband. 
feel grateful that my brother is moving forward in his life and that a negative influence has been removed. 
My children because they truly give me the strength to go on each day and be a better me. 
have beautiful premises. 
sexual abuse 
have a new job I'm starting tomorrow. 
have good friends 
Our home that we bought was our first place that was a real house and not a mobile home. 
received smiles 
supplies for work- to better organize items - I I was excited to be able to store everything and make eveything organized, yet I have yet to organize anything! 
Maya for being my adorable cutie pie and so awesome and spunky! 
was grateful that the weather is getting cooler. 
cloth lanterns ~ they were an impulse buy, for my birthday; I felt they would help me make my apartment more beautiful ... If they were taken away I'd be ok; they're just things, but since I haven't put them up yet, I'd regret my choices. 
My drive to work is beautiful and relaxingI created this job FOR MYSELF from nothing.I can work more and save tons when I CHOOSE toMy clients LOVE me.I have job security 
My old "employer" about 2 or so years ago used me and tried not to pay me for a large number of hours I worked. 
the peace of having the kids at school and Gabe getting much needed sleep instead of being at work. 
don't have to worry about money as much as I used to. 
It rained all day! 
1. 
My kids. 
I've never wanted anything that much. 
My kids are smart, creative, and (usually) polite and kind-hearted. 
1. 
It snowed more! 
my son, Blake and my boyfriend's son, Cole, and of course my honey, Jon. 
Candy 
my son Aden and his natural awesomeness that radiates from his being effortlessly. 
was able to redirect the situation with Jon Fleshman about the missed reporter interview. 
sitting at the computer, balancing the checkbook and searching for a recipe. 
Not stressing about sick fur-kids, but I have to say that I'm mildly stressing about my elderly dog. 
Being home after work with my son each day 
Nelly...she gave me a job when I was about to be laid off. 
my sons. 
My husband. 
Jacob seeking out a breakfast time with me. 
New dishwasher's arriving today! 
Joe, and that he helps me out with laundry and occasional kitchen duties! 
my two sisters. 
Parents - not alone 
truck smaller sized clothes christmas tree 
My Mom, because she makes me lists every day to help me focus on small, positive actions when I'm not feeling well. 
dad and mom and all they do for me and love me 
dont have to worry about Puppy getting sick anymore. 
got to hang out with two friends and have a nice dinner and a great conversation with them and laugh and i'm grateful that i was able to spend time with them. 
have a husband who is my best friend. 
Exercising by myself 
my gf because she is very supportive of me and is always trying to cheer me up when I am down 
I have two beautiful, healthy grandsons. 
my health 
have a work at home job 
to have done some of the wood removal yesterday in spite of the heat. 
My beautiful view of the harborAn office that allows me to work Beautiful grounds to walk 
Today Liza and her two children came by for a visit, it was nice to see them. 
to have such a good communicater as a partner 
My husbandMy kidsMy grand babiesMy dogs 
invited to a birthday party this weekend. 
Getting out of the unhappy relationship with Chris and selling our house. 
car-what a sacrafice. 
I have a partner who loves me unconditionally. 
my home 
my lovely family are all fit and healthy 
I-PhoneFelt happy to finally have a way to contact people away from home. 
My sister Leisa ,she is always there for me no matter what---we laugh hard Alot!!!! she is my biggest chherleader. 
I have a supportive and loving wife who is 100% dedicated to me 
I'm loved by my children and my family 
A safe and comfortable home. 
My family's constant, unwavering support. 
My husband, Bob 
People call me to chat even if I don't reciprocate 
A hug 
had a lovely comfy bed to wake up in 
My partner who is patient, loving, caring, supportive. 
my family 
Shoes 
Robert, because he's always so patient with me. 
the ability to work from home and be here for my children. 
going to lunch with Wendy 
Grateful for good health each day 
played tennis with me-he works hard and but time and put effort into participating 
the noise at times, I am grateful for having children and grandchildren around us 
Some health challenges 
was worried that the delayed start on the oven wouldn't go on so when we came home from church, our dinner wouldn't be ready-it worked and dinner was ready! 
We got to the fair parade relatively on time 
Good health 
RAIN!!!! 
E helping me format something on the computer. 
didn't have to cook dinner 
have a home. 
Ii am happy to be living with my daughter and grandson. 
to have a good job that gives me a regular paycheck, benefits, and time off without question. 
had the time to make iced tea and pick fresh herbs. 
my husband because he truly loves and supports me. 
That RB seems to be ok 
Chinchilla on the water bottle 
husband 
my grandchildren because their love and accept me as i am 
My dad. 
New computer 
have an exciting holiday planned 
have put myself in stressfull situations before and although I may not have handled them perfectly I have come out the otherside stronger. 
Niecy. 
falling asleep to the sounds of a lovely thunderstorm and waking up the a rainy day. 
My father. 
tofu, for letting me borrow his truck, extending kindness to buy me a starbucks, and for being able to grocery shop alone and talk with people there 
Grateful to be working toward recognizing and improving my professional strengths and revamping and updating weaknesses 
no longer fear for my life in India or battle the Chinese culture 
my daughter, Dan, and pets 
My friend responded to a text I sent about something funny that happened to me today. 
Feeling consistently belittled and taken for granted by my ex-boyfriend. 
Family time. 
don't worry about the relationship with my mom anymore. 
my husband and his support for me while I have been going through health problems. 
bought a new car with a great warranty. 
Some solid sleep last night, and the fact my husband will sleep on the couch so I can sleep better, without complaint. 
Caffeine knocked out oncoming migraine, it wasn't nearly as bad a health day as it could have been, considering the weather. 
Abby was able to have a play date after all, and has one tomorrow for when I can't pick her up. 
Managed to talk to colleagues about the issue that I faced in the project and came out with possible solution. 
Jared called today. 
I no longer live in a stressful, abusive and constantly combative environment. 
My vintage velvet cocktail dress - I got it out from the back of the closet and mended any tears it had... plus I will clean it up a bit and wear it at a photo shoot in November. 
Made plans with Lindsay and Alexandra to get dinner on Friday. 
My Dad isn't in an immediate health risk. 
O abraço da minha mãe 
My husband. 
My family - my husband and kids. 
Taking a daily shower is such a joy. 
Needing help. 
This morning my husband did a wonderful job getting brunch ready for my dad's birthday. 
Clothes & Accessories - it's tempting to create fantasies about having a perfect evening when you think you've found the perfect outfit. 
when my oldest child and I make cookies together, or play Minecraft together. 
Approval of book cover. 
My husband does the cooking, and allows me to rest even though we both have long stressful days. 
vcghc 
Progress on Ops review deck 
Mikey kept saying I love you 
Grateful I'm able to help others at work. 
The beautiful journal Kate gave me to track my new 'journey' at work. 
finished a blog post for James127moms.com 
my son. 
My home is peaceful. 
my husband and I after almost three years still participate in a weekly Pizza & Movie Night. 
my friend Carla. 
My mom, always there for me unconditionally. 
My son Matthew. 
Two healthy and happy children 
Ben - I am grateful that I found this loving, caring man. 
we have a gym here for our use. 
When Randall fell out of his bunkbed and broke his shoulder bone, Mom passed out and I drove everyone to the hospital. 
Barb, for going with me today and listening 
cannot walk and in constant pain. 
my daughter told me to go rest while she took care of cleaning up dinner. 
eternally grateful for Abbi. 
more than grateful for my daughter, grateful for the gift from up above. 
That Ryan came up yesterday and stayed until early afternoon 
my boyfriend was able to get financed for a vehicle. 
wallethandbagdog 
Ben was so happy to read with me. 
Thinking that I am a bad, even evil, person all the time. 
1. 
haven't bought anything new in a long time. 
very grateful because I could spend time with old friends from Sierra Leone. 
my husband for giving me the beautiful children I have. 
would feel a rush of being able to purchase that item without thought. 
My grandmother, because she was an amazing person and I'm so lucky I had her in my life at all. 
My room. 
No fighting in my house today. 
Inside jokes. 
planning my friend's birthday party with her and will be helping her cook over the next two weeks. 
was able to get most of the housework done, and still have time to relax. 
No more bad relationships! 
Money 
I make enough money to afford to live the lifestyle I have. 
Grateful that I was able to spend a little bit of time outside today. 
rocked it in front of the trainees. 
my children 
hump day commercial 
Brittany texted me in the morning and said she was thinking of me and wanted to know fun details about the wedding. 
I remembered to call Emily's doctor. 
There is happy misty rain in Denver and will help my home be cleaner. 
was able to get free food at the barbeque and we got there just in time before the food ran out 
my mom because she almost died this year. 
skinnier than a lot of woman and skinnier than I used to be. 
a husband who is a wonderful father, excellent cook, and good friend to me. 
Being who i am 
my children. 
1. 
Time together 
My Family 
my boys, they are my pride and joy and my reason for living 
My mom 
the people in my life. 
new shoes - don't make me happy anymore. 
My daughter Celeste, because she works at being positive and building self-esteem by doing esteemable acts. 
to work in a field I love and have a career and my own business, which I run from an office at home. 
Both Dana and Amy are free to hang out on Friday. 
My career is satisfying and successful, financially andin terms of satisfaction. 
Farmbucks for Farmville 2 
I get to interact with people on a daily basis 
My loving, supportive husband 
I was able to visit a friend today. 
Being in a toxic relationship. 
The sun is shining ! 
I got my chores done yesterday. 
most of the time. 
did my assignments today. 
Life 
My mama. 
Harlie, Rheagen & Chaycie. 
able to live at home and be financially supported by my parents during this time in my life. 
I got to speak with Casey today. 
When my husband become ill. 
Grateful for my co-workers who have helped me so much. 
Being a home owner. 
was able to survive the meeting this morning in spite of bouts of panic and anxiety, I guess that's the most important thing. 
family 
Having Steve in my life 
left a very time consuming and stressful job and am working a job that allows more family time and much less stress. 
Got out of work a little early today. 
A job that I like. 
Beautiful clear crisp day. 
Got flowers from Connie 
Got the opportunity to make a little extra today. 
Said he loves meStays Strength 
Steve because he supports me in all of my hopes and dreams. 
Ive got my plans this weekend with my very grateful friend & family 
A little boy named Brennon who was so excited to see my little 2 year old grandson Noah at daycare that he jumped up from story time, yelled, "NOAH!!" and ran and gave him a hug. 
I'm feeling better today and that I got up to a clean and tidy home. 
Waking up in a warm be under a roof that shouldn't belong to me. 
The computer lab didn't have students in it and I was able to type my log notes in peace. 
my grandmother because she protected me the best way she knew how. 
my kids are all healthy. 
My dad pretty much always takes care of getting the groceries. 
Grateful that Jack is still alive 
my plannerMy vacation my bed 
Air conditioning. 
My headache went away, so I could concentrate on work. 
gratefule for x 
a meaningful job and the respect of my clients and co-workers. 
I've put in a lot of extra time at work lately, so I'm in good shape financially. 
didn't wake up with a headache. 
My husband spent every night in a hospital waiting room waiting for me to wake up when I was in a coma. 
it's almost Carmen's birthday and that we will get to celebrate many times! 
Jason for being so supportive to me 
Kaylees love 
Bebe-I met BeBe tonight. 
My mom's boyfriend is quickly making my new apartment. 
Ipod Touch: Something new and special just for me...not for the hubby or the kids. 
my daughter Lauren. 
Probably like anyone here, I am grateful for my mom, when I was younger we didn't have the greatest relationship. 
A goodbye kiss from jim when he left for his roofing job. 
God 
Sean because he makes me smile and belly laugh daily3 things: my child is mentally and physically healthyI have a man on my life that makes it betterI am healthy 
I have a full tutoring schedule. 
don't have to worry about money: I make money. 
Breakfast 
My mother checking on me today when I felt sick. 
was grateful for being able to come home and relax for the first time since school started. 
I got a job offer today. 
Tom put in one of the windows and it looks great 
employment 
Alex has kept in contact all these years and I would feel safe telling him my feelings 
Everyone of my friends seem to be very helpful and caring. 
Right now I'm grateful for Em. 
We had a ministry fair in community and I'm grateful that many signed up on the ministry I'm heading - the Secretariat. 
Talking with Rhonda about things. 
Ashely's message about how it was Adams loss 
My family loves me. 
was awarded social security. 
My nephew. 
dexter mansinugdan because i love him 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting over my bad mood completely on my own. 
to have a safe decent place to live in a safe and decent neighborhood. 
for my school loans and a small hospital bill, I am now out of debt... 
New student opened up to me. 
a loving husband who gave me a shoulder massage 
Jim He always has my back 
My friend Dru 
golfed really well today and didn't get angry with a bad shot. 
my beautiful son 
my friend was able to come over and get some much needed rest this morning! 
My husband. he loves us and takes care of us and would do anything for me 
A nap 
so grateful for my puppies and my cat. 
don't have to worry about raising small children. 
My brother Sam - he's saved the day financially more times than I can count. 
my mom .how 
Greatful to be alive 
My Bed. 
to have my Hailee. 
Took some time to tidy up my bedroom and get some clothes away so the space feels clearer 
My granddaughter Esperanza, she has been my "heart" since the day she was born. 
My Mom. 
My mom is here to have adult conversation. 
Courage of the heart. 
1. 
the love and support of my significant other. 
so grateful to have a wonderful husband, and a big, busy, bustling extended family. 
Having someone I can share things that make me excited with 
Celebrate Your Sexy photo session & photos.made 
we have a space big enough for our family. 
!. waking up next to Luke and the kitty. 
having a family & a home 
My salvation 
my friend Melanie went on a walk with Titus and I today. 
That I'm alive. 
MY Family Paul, Yvonne My cousins 
friends who TRY to help me when I'm down. 
My son & daughter in law bring their children to my house for me to enjoy them & share my Love with them & have fun. 
It is good to know that i am not alone and there are people who are willing to work together to help each other. 
long commute 
Greg's Birthday get together went well. 
Being in a relationship with a man who truly loves me as much as love him. 
my iPad I adored getting this, I anticipated it so much and it has been better than I believed 
Chad's best man in his wedding 
to have a place that provides me with money for each activity that I would like to do and has been the path through which I have received a wealth of abundance in the form of food, shelter, and entertainment. 
don't have to worry about having bad knees!! 
Lauren and Monica Theil. 
losing weight and almost to my goal weight of 150 lbs. 
Dean. 
my girlfriend because she pushes me to be a better person. 
Monty slept through the night without waking me up! 
Friends that I interact everyday 
my two children. 
we live such a life. 
the job I have that pays me enough to support me and my families wishes and provides a sense of security. 
My man brought me a cup of tea in bed this morning 
My dad - went onto auto pilot, stepped in and did all the logical thinking and questioning. 
having a wonderful Husband 
Acacia, because she helps me with all my household duties and she keeps me level. 
Frida the house keeper boiled an egg for my breakfast this morning without me having to ask, very thoughtful and makes my day go better. 
getting computer help 
don't have to worry about sick cats barfing or peeing on things (or about having to take another one to the vet & her dying on me). 
Jennifer left a clear list of the day's expectations. 
Good sex 
My dad has a good job 
The meeting with client 
Mis BudrysHe makes me better person 
Meeting with Ania 
my children help me with the chores. 
My positive attitude makes my life great! 
Grateful for a quality catch-up over coffee with College friends this morning. 
having the people who i believe truly love me,ravina, mukesh, gaddu, ashish and so many other people and of course mamma. 
my mom because i can always rely on her 
my home and family. 
I still have a job with all of the changes that are going on. 
Veena is grateful girl in my life.. she prove how to be a good girl reacts. 
my new home, for a healthy brother and a restful, healthy dog 
Recently moved into smaller newer home. 
Went to a meetup and met new friends. 
james cause he is my best friend also 
very grateful for my daughter Leyarni, she is the reason why I push myself even more to work towards having a better life. 
my Husband. 
My brotherinlaw 
I,m not working right now so I have a lot of me time,yesterday my roommate and I built a fire and enjoyed a good spaghetti dinner 
Chris, because he hasn't left me or became mean about me not having a job. 
Riham Elkhouli, she helped me coming to usa and finding a job. 
the fact that I have a home to come "home" to. 
Toxic friendships - I've worked very hard the past few months to eliminate friendships that were no longer good for me or my daughter. 
my sister Jeanie she is always there for me whenever I need her 
my daughter Georgia, because shes funny and loving with a strong spirit x x 
my son has returned to school this year. 
Having great friends 
Feeding the 3 adult men I live with. 
Grateful for God, because without him there's many of times that I just wouldn't have made it, and because he's always there when others aren't. 
Melisa bringing sense into my head 
Behind on rent 
my Xristakis.... 
Costco Chicken Salad -Excited couldn't wait to taste the yumminess. 
roof over my head 
My cousin becase he has always been there unconditionally and has proven he genuinely is my friend. 
My mum is the best mum in the world!! 
don't have to worry about Loreena teasing me or not having cool friends. 
Boots 
Angie wants to be a part of my morning routine and that she's making an effort to try it. 
Agathe and our morning workout routine together 
Being surrounded by very patient people 
A first thing is finding a stable relationship, I think I have found. 
to be given the opportunity to be staying at my house rent free because of my very nice Aunt. 
have been fortunate enough to be in an opportunity to live in a beautiful house in washington dc rent free for a year so i don't have to worry about paying rent. 
a hand held vacuum. 
Betty. 
Person- Bridney , My GF, I'm grateful for her because she deals with me even when she doesn't want to. 
over my head.. 
Hannah thanked me for helping her with a cover letter that she used to apply for a new job. 
all my children are healthy and happy. 
Packing up half the house for staging. 
I took the time to get rid of old magazines and files of paperwork that are clutteringup my bedroom. 
My car. 
my family 
have dealt with being homeless before and survived that by the Grace of God 
My Daughter 
My parents were and are the first thing I'm grateful for. 
have the best family in the world. 
Caroline being there for me with no questions asked and listening and being on my side when I really needed it. 
darts 
a camera, a dress, a pair of sandals 
alive and able to walk i can see and hear and smell i am free and not handicaped to a degree that i can not deal with i have everything i need to live and a family i love 
my grandmother.she 
management closed for the risky weather 
Friends 
great full to be alive and healthy. 
Going to family law court was very stressful so I imagined the court room was full of clowns who were all talking shite and it made me smile 
Jim. 
Patrick - for his constant support and love every day 
most grateful for my daughter, Kelly. 
Just bought my favorite amusement park.... this is GREAT!!! 
J-- encourager, lover, strength, provider, backbone, carrier, lover, exciter.... 
Laughter at home. 
My home. 
I am financially stable - some of my friends are not. 
1. 
Today I was grateful for having time to get closer to being caught up with my workload. 
1. 
TV sound bar. 
Getting in touch with a good friend. 
Three things I made happen today:1) I made this extremely awesome Halloween costume happen! 
Three things that went better than usual today:1. 
a hug from a fellow colleage when we both were emotional together 
Gilda 
I was pushed to go beyond my physical stamina while working in the garden. 
The problem is fixed. 
She is totally in the moment 
Rekindling with my ex who is trying to show me how just how much i mean to him 
dad for helping us get a home 
actually got to move a couple projects forward, and was able to respond confidently when my boss asked me about calibrations 
Don't have to worry about the greenhouses much longer 
have a stable home and the means to pay for it 
I have a husband who is there for me when I need him and who takes care of the driving in the more stressful areas, like in most of North America. 
My kids 
My favorite Raisin Bran. 
Having a son to take care of and be with 
A shirt 
my beautiful home and family 
Successful grocery trip 
1. 
1. 
My schedule is very flexible and I am able what I need when I want to. 
my husband because he loves me no matter what I do. 
I have the skills and knowledge to help my teammates with resolving system issues/troubleshooting. 
I was able to spend quality time with my youngest daughter today. 
don't have to worry about being in an unsatisfying marriage 
my neighbor Marguerite. 
my two daughters. 
I spent a great day with my kids. 
I was able to sleep in a little this morning and enjoyed a leisurely morning. 
My neighbor (on his own) offered to help mend my fence. 
the nice morning I spent with my daughters. 
Spending quality time with my two daughters. 
got my daughter ready for school on time. 
don't want to be grateful for anyone. 
My subwoofers 
I have a source of income. 
My relationship with my husband. 
my family. 
have a family that supports me- folks willing to let me back home when medical needs called for it and sisters with good ideas. 
My sister Lisa come up with interesting ideas for me to try to overcome challenges or just get more out of life. 
Supportive responses to a post I made about some discouraging news from several friends and acquaintances 
Kenny is sweet 
Co worker made me laugh 
yarn 
McKenzie. 
Grateful for my friends. 
my wonderful husband. 
The fact that i have family, a house a pet, love. 
my job 
a new bike 
Spending Time With Abby reading and doing kisses before bed time 
my best friends Shruti and Apoorva. 
My wife bought me a bottle of wine. 
Having a caring loving relationship. 
Skype with my sister 
Mobile phone- I was incredibly excited to use it for accessing better career opportunities. 
Chat with my mom 
learning to wire frame 
my husband fights for me and even though he lacks the tools, he wants to make our relationship work 
dont have to worry about getting good grades like I did in college. 
James and I didn't fight on the way to work today 
The first thing I am grateful for is that my coffee pot works and my car starts when I go to work. 
my daughters are grown and married and I don't have to worry as much about where they are and what they are doing...I can relax and enjoy their company when they come to see me. 
The first thing I am grateful for is my family, of course, and in that family my dog, Penny is a valued member. 
nnn 
mmm 
Miranda still calls me every once in a while after living so far away for so long. 
live in a nice apartment. 
Aerobic exercise this morning 
Mom was unreasonably angry and verbally abusive. 
walked 5 miles in one hour this morning. 
Carl survived his motorcycle accident. 
That Carl is getting better, and that he is still alive 
family is awesome! 
my family, my wonderful husband and lovely daughter. 
Sleep 
my mom. 
Tim taking care of me last night and making dinner so I could relax on the couch after a crazy week. 
Paper Shredder- I'd be Upset if someone was to take this item, Because I really needed it to shred documents that I don't want others to have of my Personal Identification Information. 
Dylan 
my kind and loving fiancee who values me for who I am. 
My son because he always gives me a different way of looking at things 
Excited 
my friend me listing for getting help with my living arragements problems.. 
This morning, Olivia looked at me and said, "I wish you didn't have to work and could get paid for just being awesome." 
was able to do my laundry which is a goal I set for myself 
Thin hoodie shirt. 
My bedroom drywalled 
got in to work before everyone else 
got an award at work 
so grateful for my children! 
my schedule changed at work and instead of freaking out I decided to take the extra time I had before work and start doing situps again 
my husband made sure coffee was ready and it tasted amazing :) 
Olivia called me 
find a job so quickly and being able to keep my house. 
Helping supervisee with problem solving 
My wife goes to great lengths to prepare delicious, high-quality food for me, my mother, and (currently) our daughter. 
no longer have to worry about being able to pay the bills, because my job pays me very well. 
not grateful to anyone 
for today my husband and I had a disagreement that lasted for a short time with no lingering effects. 
Ceil -- for giving me a sense of stability and family 
got to hang out with Anna and T and joke with them today. 
Rebecca & Selena calling me to see how I was. 
My parents who are very understanding and supportive 
My online friend messaged me back when i was afraid i had replied to slow to his message. 
My friend Di. 
my mother inlaw helping me with my kids while im at school 
this house i have,,,it provides me shelter and once completed will provide a means to chasing a bigger dream 
someone gives me a lot of attention and i love that 
to god for giving me a very loving mom who takes care of me so well and loves me unconditionally 
wrote a list of jobs and started one of them: sorted my dressing table draws and looked through wardrobe 
my ex wife sonja because she has always been there for me as well as my 2 sons 
My boss listened to me and was understanding and supportive. 
Know it was Friday and the start of the weekend tomorrow. 
have a job 
having family 
My oldest brother because he always wants to know what's going on in my life and just tries to find out if I'm doing okay and happy. 
my brothers. 
to my Paternal Uncle and his wife. 
really get annoyed with my younger cousin when he doesn't do as I ask. 
iphonehandbagholiday 
my Best friend because she is ALWAYS there for me and she is there whether to listen or give me advice or just to hug me and tell me it's okay! 
got to fly a helicopter 
My mom 
Stigla sam na vrijeme na posao, dakle sav javni prijevoz je bio redovan. 
Mirko - zato što me neizmjerno voli, podržava, poštuje, cijeni kao osobu i čini me sretnom. 
My husband. 
Thankful that I found this exercise to make me recognize that I need to learn to look for and see the good in others and situations. 
we had the opportunity to go swim, skate, then to go to the taste of Smyrna festival. 
lee- he has stood by in the hardest times and cheered with me through the best. 
We just celebrated our 7th wedding anniversary. 
Mr. Thomas S. Keeley and Mr. Jacob Aufderheide; Both of these two gentleman (cough, giggle, NO really) have giant hearts bursting with love and it's awesome to be part of that exchange. 
Temperature controlled. 
Jo made us lunch today; spicy vegetable soup that choked us as she cooked it. 
Kelly Passmore because she is confident and strong She keeps me grounded and real 
That my customers still come back again and again. 
completed the target list 
have no relation with Divya anymore who is demanding and always keep on nagging and make me feel down that i am not upto something. 
RAJI for supporting me and accepting me as i am.Geeta for talking and giving me relief.dad 
just having some time to sit and read quietly is relaxing to me. 
Kelebogile Kegakilwe, because she has been my rock through the worst break up that I am still dealing with, she doesn't judge me, nor give up on me even when I feel defeated and depleted about my healing. 
my mom because she also supports me and cares for me 
got a bonus 
had a bad day yesterday so I have nothing to say. 
Cookies- I'm on a diet, shouldn't have bought them. 
My husband. 
the strength to still be able to clean and take care of my home after surgery. 
how we can joke about things 
My family came to the TRA party 
my cousin she helps me with my baby so much I cant thank her enough 
Dad 
My mother went shopping and bought the things I asked for. 
a wonderful Husband who loves me no matter what. 
my first punjabi dress .it 
Television 
One person I'm grateful for is Ross because without him I wouldn't be here today. 
Today I had time to myself to get things done around the house that have been piling up. 
tom because he helped me start my garden which gives me a sense of excited anticipation, as I wait for colourful new life to arrive from the seeds I have sown 
The wildlife outside my window makes me feel connected to the planet. 
my mom and her positive energy 
Dolores is feeling happy and perky. 
have friends who think of me when they want to share their feelings. 
my best friends lives just across the door. 
brought home a new addition - a new pet fish! 
My partner is an amazing cook and he loves to cook love-filled nutritious food for us! 
Wayne because he is putting up with my illness. 
had a wonderful morning with my husband and puppies. 
Alli driving around in her car. 
i can afford to live in a beautiful home with my loving critters and eat healthy food and live a comfortable lifestyle. 
my children are healthy 
so very grateful to have my children around me in life. 
the run that I went on. 
My mother. 
Family support 
The first think I'm grateful for is the conversation that me and Alex had today. 
playstaton 4 
When I had a melt down, I phoned my friend and, she was able to calm me down and make me laugh. 
My sister. 
Did the dishes, cleaned the table, and was able to watch the FSU vs. Nevada game w/out a flare up. 
so grateful to have great friends to enjoy the Packer game with, laughing and joking and just being with each other. 
I have an incredible home. 
my husband being the bravest man I know who i deeply respect and love, admire and care about. 
my new apartment and chance to start over. 
Thankful I spent the day with my daughter and we had a nice day. 
to have Morgan as a housemate. 
maaz because hes always there for me 
family 
Today, the first thing that i am grateful for was realizing just how much my mom provides for me. 
my office is only a short walk from home, so I never have to worry about getting stuck in traffic. 
no longer have to stress and worry about my parents, which is a huge relief. 
got to take an afternoon nap 
swimming makes me feel good 
was grateful for my doggies, they bring such joy into my life. 
Jason because he loves me for me. 
NA 
I’m thankful for the home that I live in because I can grow a garden, have a fenced yard, and the rent is cheaper than it is for an apartment: My flowers have managed to survive this summer's heat so far; my tomato plants are growing wildly crazy; and my Bermuda grass is still growing strong! 
a place to live where the payments/rent was cheaper than the amount I was paying for the apartment I used to live in. 
Dodi - cutting my hair 
Today I am grateful I am able to get caught up on the laundry. 
We might be broke, but we are caught up on all of the bills. 
Lunch with my goddaughter and her mother was most pleasant. 
Grateful that I was able to buy the groceries I needed this morning to cook dinner this evening. 
got out of bed at about 6am and started the laundry. 
my family and my friends. 
swept the living room and kitchen floors. 
my husband loads the dishwasher for me. 
have friend who loves without any condition ,no selfish motive, i can share everything with him moreover i dont need anything in return from him 
Great to wake up healthy with good and hearty breakfast. 
High school friends that dropped what they were doing to help me when a boy broke my heart. 
Dylan was nice to me. 
Eating dinner with my family 
have not made any recent purchases that I regret. 
it when my daughter is home so I don't feel so lonely and de-motivated. 
my son and his ability to be happy despite my moodiness. 
this morning my best friend texted me and said "meg's you have a great soul, don't ever change" 
have friends that appreciate me, respect me and would help me if I would ask. 
Supper made and ready to go , in a bowl ,in the fridge ...when I got home from work . 
project x z 
I have a best friend who gets excited to see me, and comes over to see me. 
I am forgiven 
Lunch with Taylor - lots of laughter 
A nice warm fall day 
Horse 
very grateful for my bestfriends because they make the day all worth it. 
Grandma 
had a good full day of customers on saturday 
Jason, my spouse, I thought about this for just a few seconds before knowing it was the hubs I am grateful to have in my life. 
Playing with my baby 
my mother always being there for me 
Fiona had a long nap. 
Alice in my life, because she makes me look at myself and want to be better. 
GRATEFUL FOR HEALTHY KIDS.IM GRATEFUL FOR THEM WANTING TO GO TO SCHOOL. 
have a steady paycheck. 
My grand-daughters 
my mom, she's always eager and willing to help me in any way with anything. 
One of my roommates cooked a lasagna and garlic bread for all of us. 
friends that understand me 
all the financial and emotional help my mom gives me. 
My relationship with my dad. 
My mother for her relentless support and judgement-free listening. 
getting all the household chores done with out rushing or feeling pressure. 
to God because he never left me, he was always there for me. 
magic the gathering cardsi will call up my friend jake and work on making more decks with him and playing him and berdo and roro more often 
got to watch breaking bad with my friends. 
A friend complimented me on how healthy I eat. 
Mary's peak hike 
My Mom for her guidance and open ears and caring heart. 
Geza because in him I found a cousin and a friend together.I am grateful because he has a good heart towards me. 
my students are kind and respectful. 
Tomorrow is our 13th anniversary. 
my child is healthy and I am so greateful for that 
i got to sleep in this morning. 
the comfort of sitting in front of the fire with a coffee at berridale with mum, jack and gran. 
The fact that he texted me. 
my height 
my husband. 
My boyfriend appreciated what I did for him 
food 
Cook a nice dinner, 
No absent of home workers 
The most beautiful life on earth: My son. 
My beautiful home 
My aunt for always being there and trying to cheer me up. 
my family for being supportive. 
my boyfriend 
Bridgette BagGray Target DressHudson skinny jeans 
Didn't buy anything that made me happy recently 
My circle of family and friends! 
Our internet connection is now much faster which means I can download movies I've been wanting to watch ready for autumn - snuggling up with a hot drink, cosy pyjamas, socks on my feet and a warm blanket... Perfect! 
My sister, my sons. 
Having a warm bath with a book and nice food afterwards 
thaddeus- for his love 
so gratful to have all the member of my family because i can found them around me when i need them ,they give me a positive energy and help me a lot about every little things in my life 
Good thing 1 
Hh 
can make her happy 
treadmill 
when everyone is well, and able to get their day started without hassle. 
Dad - He is the biggest supporting factor in my life. 
got to have breakfast with my sister before she had to go back home to Illinois. 
buying a handicap accessible van for my better half would be great because Gerry could drive with out having to hurt himself getting in and out of our truck. 
1. 
the wonderful, modern equipment I get to use at work. 
long out of a bad relationship from high school/college. 
I feel safe at home. 
My Baby Lionel, i am grateful he is in my life now because he fills it with love 
A friend asked me if I have already eaten lunch. 
to Mark for forgiving my mistakes and trying hard to get over the tensions I create in our relationship. 
Hubzyy allowed me to be gloomy and tried cheering me up all day long. 
an happy and grateful now that I met a beauitful men that I love deeply. 
My kids love me. 
a cosy home now that autum 
the fact that I love my apartment even though it's a piece of crap that will not get fixed, it is still mine and I love it. 
my family. 
The lab is peaceful and quiet today. 
had a whole day to myself without interruption. 
Got to speak to my 5-year old nephew this morning. 
My three items are going to be books and journals. 
Having friends like emilee who care about me. 
do not have to stress about how people view me, or their opinions about me. 
My coffee mug fitting a different lid after i lost it. 
have so many clothes to choose from. 
My comfortable bed 
my sister vivian who called me yesterday to wish me hbd from ghana even though she had no idea that it was my birthday. 
gratefult aht we have enough food to eat. 
Great sale at Bath and Body and shared with my friends. 
Bounty, one of my cats slept in my arms in the bed, warm, did not feel so alone 
my husband hes always there even when im no the most pleasant person to be around 
My sister , she is a truly beautiful person, truly happy , kind and loving . 
my staff brian is helpful. 
Family 
Glad I was able to have a no-interruptions day to finish that project for my dear friend. 
My family 
MY laptop, flatscreen and phone. 
My family 
Greatful for Linda L, she's alot of fun. 
Mother because she is always there for me. 
got a call from a company where I applied for a job and the result might be positive 
very grateful for my son, hubby, and that we all have our health. 
My friend and neighbor Cynthia called to make sure I knew there was a note on my door saying the water would be off today at my apartment, 
George, for always supporting me during tough times and always being there when I need him. 
My mom because she's helped me with every stage of my young adult life as well as my little brother for being the best friend I have. 
A new day 
Grandchildren - they give me new purpose 
Got to talk with my closest friend today that I didn't think would have had the time. 
to see the smiles on my kids face when they are happy and behaving, and for their warm hugs. 
rich because I have somebody to share my life with 
my husband Mark. 
My husband Bill is very important to me. 
Katrina, she helped me last time. 
Car - love the heated leather seats, love that it starts with no problem, proud to drive it 
I was able to wake up this morning to a brand new day, with my handsome fiance. 
When I needed my kiddos to jump in and help at a moments notice today they all did so without complaint 
Grateful to the good LORD in Heaven for giving up another da y here on this beautiful earth and blessing us with his GRACE 
S C - she is major supportive and really cares 
having my own horse,Tony 
My son Joey helping me with dinner 
My Father because he is there for me and I believe a wise man. 
H & I finished a big project for G. 
sold two more of the books that I am trying to get rid of. 
Grateful my bread came out well 
my oldest daughter is moving along on her instrument in a way that makes me thankful I can pass along my gifts and knowledge to her. 
My husband enormous love and care 
1. 
my house 
to say that I have two possible job opportunities to look into. 
My phone 
Youtube video sent via Facebook 
Grateful that I have a wonderful man to go home to every night 
I have friends in Oshkosh who are really fun and accept me. 
woke up to a beautiful day 
Brian, Eddie and I went to casino. 
My children. 
My oldest son moved to Oregon 2 months ago, and has decided to move back home. 
it was fun to have friend robin come over and have a drink. 
think I will first just say all the things I'm thankful my home is NOT anymore and then say things I am grateful my home IS. 
don't have to worry about finding a job at the moment. 
Friends offering up an open ear and advice while recovering from a break-up. 
1. 
I work in an environment where they are flexible to some degree- that I could take time yesterday to go to the doctor without it being too much admin. 
so grateful for my family. 
A great boyfriend 
Wireless headphonesJewelryBattery for iPad 
my co-worker recognized my work yesterday. 
Car 
Finished one major project. 
my father. 
My husband--he is so supportive 
my kids get along so nicely 
My best friend showed she really cares with a special message 
my child. 
The first thing when I walked in the door my awesome pets where there to greet me 
So grateful about my life with my husband. 
I was able to have dinner ready for my family even though I was not here. 
Chris for helping me to survive 
Nice new tops 
Got a great night's sleep. 
my daughter because she saved me from a life of emptiness and being alone 
life 
Truck - I was really excited to get a new truck after my old car died on me; but I was also very anxious about taking a loan out for it. 
I came into a lot of money I would buy a place to live. 
my husband did an oil change on my car 
My husband, he is the better husband that anybody could have. 
I alive 
found a new place to live 
Amy True Friend Amazing support 
My happy and healthy family. 
sunglasses 
my children. 
I've grown a campaign that no one believed in and completely turned around trust levels 
Joe sat beside me at Supper. 
saw that my best friend who was travelling overseas has sent me a text message. 
checked in on a friend who was having a hard time recently. 
One of the girls who was leaving added me to facebook, made me realise that she valued me as a friend. 
Health 
My husband did the dishes for me and put the kids to bed. 
Ted Davis. 
Having a nice home to live in and being with my twin sister every day makes me feel so special. 
the ability to talk to my mother again but reiterate that I need her to not pressure me 
my dad, because he was always there for me when he didn't have to bemy son, he is just such a great personpaul, he lets me share a part of his worldbuttercup, i love being her mama, i love her so much 
Ethan. 
my condo. 
Julie and John Cates 
1. 
Hugs from my kids. 
so grateful for my Mother's unconditional love and support. 
That work is willing to be flexible with my schedule so I can be there for my dad and take the classes I feel will help me most. 
Cell phone case. 
1. 
God! Because He is always there for me. 
would feel good as it would be the first time I ever bought anything and be able to call it my own and say my money paid for that. 
getting a promotion at work. 
Eternal Life--Knowing that I can do all things through Christ Jesus who strengthens me. 
so grateful for my amazing fiancé, Joey. 
My baby was cuddling and kissing me today. 
My fiancé, my dog, my cat and I all took a nap in our bed together. 
have a wonderful fiancé who really gets me and loves me instead of a workaholic ex-husband who was never there for me. 
My computer. 
My cat is sick again, but a friend helped me to see options that I may not have thought of or attempted on my own. 
My friend on pinterest's board entitled 'beautiful' was very inspiring. 
caught up with my Facebook when I've been sick. 
have had the opportunity to learn so much from this company. 
Humor on facebook 
have a beautiful home 
have a place to live and I can pay the bills. 
healthy children 
My relationship with my husband is totally new. 
Lita my best friend since we were 2 years old, she's the only one I can trust with all my secerts 
my son. 
Thank you lord for my wonderful family. 
leather pants 
my friend, Camille. 
my daughter. 
Went to doctor and was able to finally get checked out for my tiredness, soreness, and aching. 
Belle---for her unwavering faithful love 
Jamie- I am grateful for him because he is my partner, he understands me, he lifts me up when I am down, he takes care of me and our family and he is an optimist. 
my childrens smiles 
Both of my bosses came to me and socialized with me, asking about my day and how things were going. 
my son thankful that has placed him in my life .for 
Chris said Denise was lucky to have me. 
Grateful that I have a job in this economy 
My mother she helped me through alot of tough situations 
chalk pastels 
my friend Brad, for his friendship, understanding, and constant want to help me succeed. 
have a home, with family who love me and its important to them that I know I'm doing my share to help. 
Yesterday when I got home from work, Adam immediately asked me if he could make me food, and then gave me time to lay down and rest 
I read three parts of You can Heal Your Life. 
I was able to get all my chores done 
very thankful for our families health. 
My husband said he had a nice check today. 
Taking a hot tub tonight was comforting, and kind of magical, with the big starry sky, the crickets, warm water massaging my back, and comfortable friends. 
Supporting hugs from my co-workers 
the roof over my head. 
my husband cooked dinner. 
the time I was able to spend with my daughter. 
I was able to cook a very healthy meal that reflected my diet restrictions and tasted amazing 
Mom she is best friend 
Dr Braman's wonderful healing 
I am able to be part of my family. 
My husband cuz he's a great man and loves me for who I am. 
having God in my life. 
having my daughter and being able to confide in her just like I would a friend. 
the present lifestyle of no alarm clocks 
My mom made lentils and rice today and shared it with me. 
My boss is understanding and compassionate 
i have a job to come to every day that pays me every fortnight. 
Intense relationships. 
so grateful for having my husband because he is very understanding, caring, loving and very supportive. 
sockshair moussebra 
My mom. 
my cozy home 
very much grateful for my parents. 
Close relationship with Mom 
my friend gave me a textbook 
My wife for supporting me in whatever I do 
Being there when I needed someone to talk to when life hits a bumpy spot. 
my car, i could not stop smiling the first time i got in my car and drove down the road by myself. 
i got my exp rept done 
My daughter 
New running shoes- I started running, felt really good about getting into shape and feeling better about myself. 
my sweet dog, he is always happy to see me, is a great cuddler and his love is truly unconditional. 
A few years ago, I bought a house with my boyfriend. 
My event at work went off flawlessly and the guests were happy 
My life is great because I have good friends, good family, and have adventures every day, even small ones. 
got happy when a friend came and offered a job. 
i met up with my friend and we spent hours browsing shops and talking. 
My mother ... she gave me insight and taught me to look for Godly knowledge 
He works so hard so that he can be a great provider. 
Grateful that I have my two beautiful Children, they make me smile no matter what is going on and the bring me pure joy. 
Having an understanding work colleague 
shoes pants coat 
my drawing stuff, i love to draw, if someone took them away id feel angry, 
can walk 
lace shoes- 
My wife enjoying dinner with our brother in law to be 
Sat and ate with Priya whilst watching soaps 
I have long term friends who love me. 
had time for breakfast 
nice day 
iPod - was happy I finally had one and excited to download all my songs and listen to them in the car on the way to and from work. 
My husband. 
my kids and self are healthy,many days i feel alone and sad,and I am not..there is so much i want to see to open my eyes to positive. 
My best friend came into homeroom to give me a muffin because it was my birthday. 
nikki gave me a coin with a verse on it 
people love my jam. 
I can see and am mobile. 
Jennifer for helping me with Drafting. 
Being here to take care of the boy when he was sick. 
Doug my husband because he works hard every day to make sure we have what we need and want. 
woke up and got to open not one but two notes, lovingly written and illustrated by my fiancee, about how much she cares for me and how things will get better. 
my son Brian 
hemming machine 
have friends across many cities. 
That mom is a christian... 
God. 
to my Heavenly Father for the love and forgiveness! 
Getting the yards in shape 
Amnesia: MfPPapers PleaseSubaru 
have a full-time job that is secure 
my children and grandchildren 
took a walk with my dogs and nobody died haha. 
I have a job. 
have a job and though money is tight, I am not going without at this time. 
a place to live that i can afford the rent 
My husband for all his support, caring, understanding, love and making me laugh 
computer 
My husband. 
I have a loving person in my life to help me stay on task and find a place to live 
My cats. 
my son is freaking awesome. 
Sick hat. 
Yesterday was perfect. 
woke up in a lot of fear about money, but it cleaned my kitchen, and felt better. 
so grateful that I got deans trip paid for in time 
my sister. 
That Amanda's emails make me crack up 
Hats 
Brooklyn being helpful at home and being so loving and polite. 
My mom. 
I have a therapist who helps me work through challenges in life. 
Mat cutter - I'll use it again 
my girlfriend is creative and encourages me to do creative projects. 
my cat that was on the brink of death is well again. 
a good family that is always learning how to reach goals 
so thankful that my wife is so supportive of my parrents 
Live in the Bay Area-- fog 
Emmett. 
Seeing the FB msg from Claire about the pecans 
have a new board that's very supportive of what we do 
Steve - for getting things cleaned up in the back yard 
Thinking about Emmett and everything he did for us 
Thank you for taking care of me all these years. 
Making delicious meals 
Nancy's comment about being one of her favorite people 
didn't get any letters from BofA 
My husband. 
I have a nice home to live in. 
safe and loved here 
Team work 
My amazing co-workers that are their for me to listen when I need them. 
have a stable job with steady income. 
1. 
my husband, Doc. 
Tom because even though we have our ups and downs he has stuck with me for 10 years and supports me and that which I love most. 
would be freaking out about the money, and how it would impact my life - but happy also because now I don't have to worry about my old car dying! 
My husband and son 
My daughter. 
I managed to trace a mistake and find a way how to correct it. 
the love of my children 
snow day from work 
went to yoga for a second week - the first time I've continued something in years. 
A hug from my grandson 
I have been able to keep my apartment neater than I used to. 
Carson was able to get routed home with out me having to take care of each detail. 
don't have to worry about my husband's ex causing trouble anymore. 
Carson didn't have an accident at school. 
Having my daughter with me 
mike, because he's there for me even when times are hard 
My family 
Two $60 juicers. 
Talking to my friend Nick! 
my sister Suzy. 
any and all patience that I can muster. 
Kole. 
My family are healthy 
Thankful my class was cancelled so I could do other things 
? 
stuff to do my project with 
Harrison remembered that I wanted to be a General Manager and talked to me about it briefly. 
My mom's cancer 
Shoes 
Yesterday, carley said i was a good merchandiser. 
so grateful for my counselor Wendy. 
have two healthy, beautiful children. 
I got to finish cleaning my house with out any interruption and having fun in the process. 
have a job! 
Responding to my brother regarding our mother's health: My brother only contacts me when he has not been given (to his satisfaction) information from my mother about her health. 
MJV came to the house yesterday and stayed to keep Mum company because his presence allowed me some "alone" time without worry. 
My husband 
One of my clients offered to buy me lunch today. 
the location of my home and the convenience of everything around us. 
My HouseI wouldn't miss it. 
completed the black merino scarf, and called client to come in! 
Chris neal He is my son and my life 
My Scooter. 
Colour me dresses - Not wornFelt made me look/feel nice 
My little carSupplies for garageNew computer 
Dad helping me get car passed through TCD and print out and bind my yoga manual 
a good boyfriend 
1. 
Taking the time to grab a cup of coffee and breakfast this morning. 
I did not continue a bad relationship. 
my 2 kids are happy and healthy 
my husband. 
Jeno Jackson 
was able to cook dinner for me and my husband, tho we didn't get to eat together we enjoyed a cooked meal 
my son is doing better. 
The cool morning air and a very short gentle stretch 
I can have time for myself a little everyday. 
My family 
a husband that helps with household duties. 
Relative good health 
my mom. 
my husband. 
Having good healthy food 
I have a husband that is still with me after 30 years. 
Grateful that I have a job that is fun. 
a job 
My parents are both extremely loving and supportive, and I don't think that I could find any two people in the world who would be better mentors and caregivers than them. 
so very thankful for my husband, Marty 
my two beautiful sons. 
Bill helped pick up the bedroom 
Found a fieldwork placement in Baltimore 
have my children in my life. 
my woodfloors are cleaned and shined and laundry is done 
My dining room furniture arrived and looks wonderful in it's place which I am thankful for in advance of our dinner party tomorrow. 
Lee McKee, my husband, who loves me through thick and thin. 
remembered to take Lee's shirts to the cleaners after first forgetting them! 
1. 
able to work from home. 
had time alone with my daughter before we went to work. 
my husband. 
Chris. 
So grateful that my parking lot is about 100 steps to my classroom door. 
Socialize with people and make them feel comfortable before surgery. 
My son's bipolar illness---cope daily-some days are better than others 
a 
Flexibility with Schedule 
Will's cancer diagnosis 
didn't oversleep 
Woke up early had time on my own to make a fresh juice and have some quiet time 
My ex 
My friends 
my husband understood why I was upset on my birthday and helped me through the day. 
had a commitment free day! 
Shawn. 
very grateful that a painful illness is abating and not as painful today! 
to my boss Cathy for giving me the chance to prove my self that i could run the adult family home that she is the owner of.and 
having a job so i can support my family. 
have a job 
Books. 
My bed. 
JJ. 
1. 
my husband and son 
Filipek- I am grateful for his good heart, his patience, his kindness, his love, the fact that he cuddles me when I am sad, he never shouts at me, he is the nicest person in the entire world and he is my husband and my best friends and I am grateful for having him in my life 
my sink is fixed and it works so beautifully and is aesthetically pleasing. 
My son. 
Got to sleep in! 
camera 
having a boyfriend that is calm and laid back. 
gratefull the computers were running 
My good friend from school. 
woke up this morning 
had time for a lunch 
House 
my dad buying tea 
the kittens 
Always listens to me 
my father because he has taught me so much 
Erica because she is my best friend and one of my only friends. 
Libby; she seems to understand creative, introvert types, and always has something kind and/or amusing to say when I need a boost. 
Clean food and water, a roof over my head, heat and AC, public transportation, a safe work environment. 
Husband is a big help around the house when I am at work 
Nels. 
had a slower schedule today. 
no longer in that painful relationship with my kids father. 
My boy was well enough to go to school. 
My huband went grocery shopping when I was flat broke. 
Erik helped me get in touch with Thor. 
My mother texting me to see how i was 
my health. 
bought a dress I so wanted from my favorite designer. 
my family and friends who are supportive and caring. 
1. 
Being deeply in debt. 
finished Christmas shopping for my family and most of my friends. 
not being homeless and that God gave me a place to lay my head. 
Eric's little smile and that cute body. 
delicious food with my wife 
so thankful that my kids are loving and generally really happy 
Grateful to have a full fridge. 
My boys and husband and parents and grandma 
Grateful that I have a sister that cares about me. 
I live in the woods. 
Robert and I went to the beach. 
to have this home. 
got a chance to clean part of the bedroom. 
to have great friends who give me great advice and encouragement. 
A coworker offered to get an answer for me that someone else was taking their time on. 
My students seemed to take their assignment seriously, and benefit from it. 
Life 
I have a job that is flexible enough for me to be me 
When I mess up on an assignment, I usually want to freak out and crawl into a shell. 
1. 
1. 
Talked to my sister on the phone. 
I got some time alone with my middle daughter who has shown the need for some extra attention. 
Today I am grateful to have a day to myself 
An girls night out at an open mic night has been arranged 
my son, because he can make me laugh even when life gets me down. 
My sons and daughter help me a lot. 
Tony had cancer. 
Curso 
jh 
vbvdb 
my pet loves me unconditionally 
Sara. 
My loved ones are safe and well. 
my therapist, Fran, who gave me so much insight on the relationship I just ended, then gave me a hug at the end of our session:) 
My dad, because he's always been there for me and continues to be. 
our family, that all of us truly love and care for one another, I have the BEST kids EVER! 
Having my co-workers come to me for help when they have questions or need advice when they could easily ask someone in a higher position with more knowledge. 
A guy,i liked him forever but he never showed no signs of liking me and now that ive grown out of him....he likes me. 
my neighbor helped me trow a double for color guard :D i thought that was really nice and helpful. 
My husband cooked me dinner. 
I get to go to work every morning with my sons. 
My morning commute was less stressful. 
That my boss didn't complain about how busy her morning was. 
my dinners with Zach, they always seem to brighten my day and make me laugh. 
Enjoying a fresh cup of coffee at home in a cute mug 
Email from boss: improvements being made that will make things less financially stressful...offering insurance, life insurance. 
It's better. 
My husband checked my DVR schedule and sorted out a conflict between two shows for me. 
my husband who is a hard working man that loves to take good care of his family. 
got some yard work done. 
My husband, he takes care of me and always makes life interesting 
Today we thought we were in a financial jam and our kids offered to help in a very BIG way. 
was happy that my friend Roy got a promotion. 
Kalimba - It's a South African thumb piano that I saved up for just so I can get it, but I haven't used it for a while now. 
Got the E doneGot new kitty foodconnected with Gina at safe havent 
Gini because she is like a sister. 
have my own home 
Grateful that my friend Babs is handling her cancer with grace and love and is kind enough to share her experience. 
MARVIN MY HUSBAND SO GIVINGMadison MY DAUGHTER SO THOUGHTFULBRIANNE MY OLDEST DAUGHTER SPENDING TIME WITH ME TODAY 
the flea infestation on our home has been resolved. 
greatfull for my alarm clock that worked on time this morning. 
My cats snuggling with me 
my daughter. 
the change in lifestyle that's allowed me to better maintain my appearance and apartment. 
my house 
Clothing. 
have a loving and supportive husband. 
being greeted by my dogs when I come in the door. 
My children having a good day at school 
I managed to reach out to Dionne a bit and say sorry that she was having to work while she was sick. 
My anniversary is tomorrow 
My family - They are awesome people. 
Irene: even when I'm in a hibernating mood and really out of sorts, she understands. 
my children 
My husband cooked dinner for us. 
Thankful for having a friend to walk with. 
Flying on an airplane I realized I was closer to my mother up in heaven and that comforted me 
my daughter. 
So very thankful for my home and the abundant life that my husband has provided for me and our family. 
Dinner with family 
a place to live 
My kids, they are my life and everything to me 
the ladies in my knitting group. 
my digital SLR 
Thich Nnah Hanh. 
my children each have descrepencies they are very very healthy and active. 
Sitting down with my family and having a great meal. 
got an awesome lunch, at a new restaurant i found nearby. 
Tom: He some how puts up with me and is really pretty to look at. 
waking up this morning 
my husband, because he makes me laugh and is the joy of my life, because he is someone I look up to and want to be like. 
found out what really keeps me trapped in my situation. 
my son and daughter in law allowing me to live in their home. 
my girlfriend, she also happens to be my best friend. 
House - didn't know enough 
had enough gas to get home 
Sammy the lab did NOT escape from her room 
was able to get up earlier than i have in the past and it wasn't difficult. 
no longer employed by a tyrant who enjoyed belittling me. 
Today was very busy and stressful. 
All went well in my day 
to have friend that will help me through whatever it is I am going through. 
Every time I nearly get mad at my girlfriend for usually stupid reasons, I take a few deep breaths, and try to be happy again, regardless of what is going on. 
my bf. 
my husband.Without him so much of our lives would not be possible. 
my ex girlfriend Dana. 
my grandson because I can look at him and know that a part of me is living on through him 
Grateful for my beautiful girls and the miracle of their birth after my struggle with fertility 
loved 
my sister because she's always there for me even if we can't get along well enough to have a consistent relationship. 
My so Daniel he is the most important thing to me in the entire world. 
Vera Bradley purse: made me happy because I love purses and Vera Bradley. 
1. 
Car-So I have a backup vehicle 
I am alive. 
my iOS devices 
found a parking spot at school fairly quickly and not too far away 
got up and out of bed 
Bill and Tyler got my hood open and checked my car's fluids. 
Dave has made the last three years of my life so much happier than I have ever been before. 
sunshine 
getting the bills paid and actually having a little left over. 
MB. 
iI would pay for a bariatric surgery. 
the electricity is still on 
financial stability 
Deanna being patient even when I was getting impatient 
Having an unreliable car 
toiletrieswould miss smelling good 
my family is healthy 
was commended by my boss for the speedy progress on a large project 
my kids 
Getting to spend time alone with my son, playing, dancing and singing. 
have my kids close by 
had a good day at work today. 
sweater.wouldn't matter much 
My three daughters, greatful most when i hear I LOVE YOU, MOM 
my best friends, always there for me 
Finally managed to get the comforters washed & dried 
my husband. 
my health 
Brandon and Seth. 
Thankful for my Mother, she has been my rock. 
so greatful for my husband. 
A friend offered to take a lamp I don't want off my hands 
actually have a car to get to work in and got there and back safely. 
My son 
wanda she has made my life happier and she is a joy to be around i'm very glad i met her 
cleaned the sink area in Mom's kitchen uninterrupted and successfully- those things are greasy and dirty, and now they are shiny and clean. 
woke up sober and did not shake for alcohol. 
Nicky was very present to me throughout the day 
bruce my fiancee because i know he loves me with all his heart 
H. 
made some head way on my knitting 
Grateful to have my partner Doug in my life. 
my daughter's showed gratitude for their new smart phones and seemed genuinely appreciative. 
my husband. 
Meeting friends who I genuinely like and who like me for who I am rather than my position 
Grateful for my husband. 
my mom, because she has put a roof over my families head when we really need it. 
I got to go out with a friend from High School that I haven't seen in awhile.It was nice to be able to get away from the house with out the phone ringing and others wondering when I would be home 
SINC group and the women that support me, listen to me, and pray with me every Tuesday. 
have the very best welcome homes ever. 
Brenda Mcallister, she has treated me like her own daughter and shown me love that i havent had before. 
talked to my friend Nancy today . 
to have my man jerry back in my life after all the years apart, its a miracle we found each other and got back together. 
setting up a time to walk weekly with Dianne. 
my husband ,because I know he loves me for me and see's such a better person in me than what I see of myself . 
my young friend Casey... 
Texted with Kathy today. 
met new people I work with and they were nice and friendly to me. 
the help of my mother in law I was able to send my best friend money for gas. 
Nate accepts me for myself. 
My animals 
my car was happy to have my car backnot so happy to pay the big price for repairs cant live without my car 
the good job I did on my test today. 
my place to work is nearer to where i live so i have to commute less. 
Waking up in the morning and not having a bad anxiety attack. 
Randy because he's always with me 
my parentsmy daughter 
trey, he does alot to help me, and is normally there with a helping hand with colton. 
very glad that my relationship with Anna is better. 
to have Jimmie in my life. 
Candi called me to thank me for being thoughtful about not attending Trivia tonight so she could share it with Rich. 
to hear that I will be an aunt to another baby. 
am receiving good education and sir is also very cooperative he helped me, in institute i can do more great work n can learn a lot thank you than k you thank you 
, i am fearless now, i speak confidently now, i used to stammering in my past, then i join correspondence course to remove it, and it was like miracle, i am confident have , i talk fluently, thank you thank you thank you 
we received the work from elance, which was almost gone from our hand, i feel grateful,that i am doing something for my center, thank you 
my sister, becky, she really pulls through when I need her to help me accomplish my goals 
My Boyfriend Augie: he always makes me laugh with his silly statements, he has a genuine caring outlook for me, he showed that he can accept when I give him "constructive criticism" after I discussed a situation in where I thought he may of been a little out of line, he is excited to meet my aunt and uncle, and I am grateful today that I had another good day with him in my life to share my day with. 
there are people out there making thought-provoking YouTube videos on their own time. 
I have an incredibly supporting and loving mum. 
i was alive 
Leelan mín SpjaldtalvanVAr mjög hamingjusöm að fá hana og nýt hennar daglega og gæti ekki verið án hennar 
Ms. O because she supports me emotionally, takes care of my home and pets like I would; listens to me (most of the time) and knows I would be there for her too. 
Heute schien auf dem Weg zur Arbeit die Sonne. 
support from Brenda and Mary Ellen. 
don't have to worry about pleasing my parents anymore. 
That have my son at home and he's safe 
Noa, our cat, is just the perfect pet. 
Here are a few stressful events that I survived: in some cases I handled them well, in others not so well, but in any event I survived all three and have gone on to thrive afterwards. 
my Mum, she is always there for me when I need her, and I know I can always rely on her. 
my wonderful, loving partner 
don't have the stress of the bad relationship with my mother. 
my oldest son who helps get his little brother on the school bus. 
That Bessie's OCD in check 
I have a home. 
Connie came to talk to me, she made me feel like she cared. 
I've finished my professional certificate program and I don't have to stress about juggling homework so I get good grades, housework and a full time job. 
finished the day's work well 
helped a student out financially 
to have friends such as Mattie, Patricia, and Nicole in my life who provide me inspiration and insight when I am down and they encourage me to go on. 
Family: wife and kids 
Chelsea has been so helpful throughout this week. 
1. 
Having a home. 
my house that provides a home for me and my children and our pets. 
So grateful I got to spend some time with my nieces yesterday. 
my babies aren't babies any more and that they sleep through the night, mostly. 
Sweety ,My WifeI love her very much. 
AnnabellaShe brings the child like joy and simplistic view of the world that keeps me grounded. 
Pam - she understands me 
New sneakers I got them for my bday. 
having my daughters and my husband, they are the best family and I don't deserve so much love. 
the sun is shining today. 
I have a nice house and food to eat. 
A quiet office and few interruptions 
have a loving boyfriend who comes home, kisses me, and who I can lean on when I feel tired or cold. 
My husband helped me clean in the kitchen so I could get the floor mopped, which I did w/my H2O steam mop which I love. 
my family! 
the fact that I can connect with my social circle in more than one environment, thanks to social media. 
was able to go to the gym and work out with my personal trainer 
a healthy and happy child 
my lovely partner greeted me with a kiss.. 
camper 
I woke up this morning and the sun is out even though it rained all night. 
choosing to eat healthier and have lost weight.I have given up processed and junk food and have lost 14 pounds! 
talk to people that i like 
my shoes from shoefabit was fun purchasing them but they are not that comfortable 
family 
my family 
The brand scan for my company 
My daughter told me she passed her science test. 
Mr. Heff A Squirrel100$ rock. 
to have a place to live. 
passed my belt test! 
My adorable kitties. 
don't have an eating disorder anymore. 
My phone interview went well! 
The AM NY lady at Pacific and 4th has a lovely smile. 
feel grateful of breathing 
went with a friend for a walk along the beach. 
A friend called me and we had a pleasant chat 
pottery 
Great Friends to talk too and walk with. 
Taking time for yoga practice 
one 
have friends 
was able to fix the screens 
Mikey. 
I work with some pretty fun people. 
Ryan, he brings me balance, laughter, challenges, honesty, integrity, a reason to keep putting one foot in front of the other, joy, unconditional love, appreciation, to take life seriously enough to move forward but not too seriously to forget to enjoy the everyday things. 
Mum -always understands 
My sister coming over for lunch 
My Husband made me breakfast 
Kira, my daughter, makes me laugh, shows me love. 
my friend shared her good news with me, it makes me feel special that she trusted me with her news. 
Hannah. 
wow! I've hit almost rock bottom so this is hard. 
Ayden, he is a very special young man. 
my grandson brings so much joy 
Ability to be home with my daughter when she needs me. 
my internship is done and I am able to spend more time at home with my family, cleaning, cooking, and just being with them! 
I have a family that are good and are there for me. 
Erin was very helpful in finding out how I can access criminal records for a case. 
My daughter was able to get dinner together with little to no prompting from me this afternoon. 
got a new client today 
this beautiful house I live in. 
family who helps me with my dinner planning 
My husband. 
My husband, because he loved me when I thought no one else would or could other than God. 
Today I am grateful that my Friend, Heather, took time out of her day to come talk to me for a few hours to help me see that I am not alone in this struggle against anxiety and depression. 
Jesse, who is an awesome sounding board and is eager to help and learn from me. 
My brother isn't sick anymoreGrandma passed away pretty peacefully -- don't have to worry about Dad & Connie having to care for her 24/7 -- don't have to be concerned that she is in painMy mom is done moving -- no having to feel guilty about the amount of time I spend helping or her money/anxiety 
I was able to walk the dog without the cats excaping, the coffee pot was ground free, and the breakfast I pulled from the freezer wasn't too old to eat. 
was able to spend today just relaxing. 
to get caught up on some work and finish some tasks. 
mikayla she gives me a reason to laugh and play. 
The house was warm when I awoke. 
I was able to tke my granddaughter to the doctor appointment. 
handled the death of my mother well and stayed strong for my children and my brothers.. 
my Sister patty,,she is always there to help me or just to listen 
My family's health. 
Seeing my dog Ziggy's face next to mine when I woke up. 
my husband. 
My Husband Jeff, He is always in my corner, he always has my best interest at heart. 
Family , 
Taking a hot bath with Epsom salts and lavender oil. 
Nikita ate some food today without much prompting. 
tent 
1. 
My kids 
Being able to run and work my business. 
family and friends for being so loving and positive 
Having a quiet environment to get my work done and the space in which to do so as well. 
Near-fatal car accident. 
Catlin Conlin because she is smart and fun and we understand each other 
Thankful that I woke up this morning. 
Able to talk to Mom about anything 
I got off work at 5:15 today 
I get to talk to Lori tomorrow morning. 
thinking about buying those glasses from World Market. 
My children are doing well in college and high school 
my youngest son cleaning up grease that he spilled w/out and argument. 
BEAUTIFUL CATALINA MACAW SHE IS MY BABY, MY HUSBAND GOT HER FOR ME FOR MY BIRTHDAY. 
was happy to get the order started for products because it makes me feel like season is right around the corner. 
Jose, He is committed to his family and being a good Christian. 
so grateful to still have my kids in my life after all i have put them through. 
NEW Customers! 
My husband taking care of me while I'm recovering from the ankle wound. 
James an I'm greatful for him because of his kindness an encouragement an support. 
my fiance did NOT have to work til 10pm and be up at 5am to work. 
Family 
flat screen tv ~ excided then not happy with the hd part of it and put it back on normal mode 
my uncle and aunt helping me get my gas turned on my uncle and aunt helping me get my drivers license renewed 
being alive 
Tommy stuck up for me with my MomI felt very sad that she went against my wishes. 
My awesome family 
ate breakfast (I often don't). 
My health 
so grateful for my awesome husband for the man he is an the woman he has made me. he has always treated me like an angel and I have never wanted or needed for anything. 
my daughters 
My child and the chance to watch her grow 
Ron - even though he drives me crazy :) I'm very fortunate to have him in my life -- he cares about my well being and he's wants things like the house and property to be well kept like I do. 
The beautiful flowers in my gardens 
My family -- with all of the senseless violence an so many natural disasters taking lives I'm grateful to have my family intact. 
My ability to design and create things. 
Having a place to live 
Ron made dinner 
Ron cut down a bunch of trees - more sun in the back yard now -- so happy :) 
We found out our new pay schedule 
My son says how beautiful things are 
to have met nice people to work with 
my wife was home when I got home from work. 
My husband drove us all the way to Florida just so I could enjoy the beach during his church's week of holy days. 
My sister, because she has been there for me through thick and thin. 
car 
Having found a wonderful man to share my life with 
my husband because he is responsible and tries his best to make me laugh and makes sure necessary things get done. 
!. My precious little dog Rigatoni makes me so proud. 
today was a nice day and did not have to use fans or a/c 
The changing weather into Fall - the crisp cool air perks me up and lifts my mood and is comforting at the same time. 
I have the ability to apply for a new job that will get me back 'home' to my former community 
work has been slow enough that I could take my car to the shop and leave it there all week so they could work on it without making me late for work. 
I have a job 
amgrateful for my residents who appreciate me and are glad to see me. 
My boring, relatively little drama family! 
my mom is home from the hospital. 
have a boss who is skillful and appreciative of my skills. 
Mark, my ex husband for giving me my beautiful children. 
Was able to get my electric bill lowered and lawn mowed, husband did some things for me so I wouldn't have to leave and stop what I wanted to do 
friends 
My son is really learning to appreciate karate. 
rick for being a great friend 
very grateful for my Dog Gracie and that we were able to play outside today. 
My family laughing together 
Saw that hump day commercial that made me laugh 
my relationship with my husband and sons. 
my daughter 
I was told that my boss will be interviewing me tomorrow. 
so grateful for my partner and friend in life, Ronnie. 
My life and the ability to become more at peace with what I have been given. 
friendship 
I get to live with Danielle and have a close friendship with her. 
My sister because she is always there for me 
Cindy Hudson, she has been my friend for 21yrs and she is like the older sister that I never had. 
Aunt Karen. 
car 
To wake up in morning next to my husband Dennis. 
The kids didn't fight. 
My two kids...they help me stay focused on why I work so hard and strive to do better. 
LaBri Jones. 
my family and their support regarding my mental health i.e. anxiety and depression issues. 
My son having a needed very good day at school, 88% positive. 
My husband because he taught me that if i stay strong i get through anything 
My kitten gives me kisses and Ai sleeps on top of me. 
the time being, I don't have to worry about feeling useless, because I am doing work that really matters to me. 
House is sold 
was able to work from home in my pajamas. 
being able to use my craft room when I am feeling stressed 
I was able to get my car fixed. 
having such wonderful parents 
went to Winchester Medical Center today for an informational meeting about medical weight loss management. 
gel mattress 
Shawn. 
Waking up in the morning! 
Seeing Garrett! 
My cats! 
Nate! He's gone!! GONE!!! Bwa ha ha ha ha ha!!!!!! 
I was out of town my husband and son kept up with the household chores 
my husband - his patience & giving attitude really mean a LOT on a daily basis 
apples to make apple dumplings! 
constantly grateful for my two little girls, who give my life meaning and make it full. 
Today I am so very grateful for my children having a great day at school. 
got my assessments completed 
my kidlets 
Michael taking care of dinner and spending time at home with me. 
Having to buy a car after mine exploded 
Daisy licked me 
My husband and son did the dishes today. 
My kids 
aly. without her faith in me and my ability to come through, i would be out of a home that i love. 
to come home to a quiet apartment with no laundry to do tonight. 
got to leave. 
my cat snuggles next to me on the couch. 
Helped a child at my job try to cope with hyperactivity. 
my wonderful parents, brother and sister who have supported me in good times and bad. 
A kind, caring roommate 
Having dogs to take care of 
i have a job to go to. 
My oldest daughter's ability to love her sister. 
Having a loving family and a loving relationship, and wonderful people in my life. 
My dog 
the lid on behaviors today 
A Home 
my older sister. 
my house always wanted a big house lived in a old trailer 20 yrs or more ad to fix it up to live in it 
to have a healthy family. 
to have the father that I have. 
Jasmine is my youngest daughter and I am truly glad that i have her in my life. 
my husband 
My house is not flooded, it is safe and in working order. 
my girls, they are my inspiration, i am so proud of who they have become. 
the kindness of the Elliot Choir volunteers who started a phone tree to find me a ride to my appointment tomorrow. 
having a roof over my head 
Mom 
was exhausted and took a long, luxurious nap after work. 
jewelry 
My husband made dinner tonight. 
to have my mother. 
My husband was able to meet me for dinner 
Having friends to vent to who understand and can give support 
Its not just one thing it's my 2 kids n 2Grandsons 
My family. 
was grateful today for a job so I can provide for my family, and occasionally treat my daughter to a dinner out. 
waking up every morning. 
Name a person you are grateful for & whyChris. 
My Son 
very grateful for my familyMy husband is a very supportive person.My daughter is finally finding her way.My son is healthy and happymy entire family is healthy and happy 
got to have dinner with my daughter 
we are expecting a baby in April. 
I have a wonderful new pet to love and adore 
I have a full time job. 
My Grandchildren doing well in school 
My final grade in my 1st course was an A 
payroll went well 
Ke"Ona because she a go getter and whats to something better in life.Jalyssa because she will go out of her way to get what she wants with little help. 
My dog Cookie 
enjoyed talking to the lady from BB&T bank because she has the same accent as me. 
My amazing dog, Daisy, she is so beautiful and sometimes I feel like she's the only one who understands. 
Homework Done 
Bill made me coffee today 
decided to cook dinner for my Mom and Brother. 
my kids ages, 28 & 21. 
my friend visiting today-we love each other, touch, care and hug...it isn't lonely and we can both give 
experienced a profound and disabling attack from a previously undiagnosed autoimmune disease. 
a husband who sticks by me no matter what. 
my mom for helping me find a job. 
Kirk loving me 
my job 
Customers paid their loan payment 
the teammates in my department. 
Grateful for Erin, she can always make me smile. 
My mother and family ,because we always bond together when there for each other threw thick and thin. 
Fridge: The old one had to be rigged shut. 
not alone 
camera- I love photgraphy. 
my children! 
Rick helped get ready for HOA meeting 
so grateful for a day that started and ended with my family having adequate food and shelter as many are not so lucky. 
Jamie. 
family 
Lee Colby.We aren't married anymore but he is always here when I am lonely always willing to do something nice for me.He doesn't mind just sitting with me.He always tries to encourage me and I am blessed to have him in my life. 
Jesus 
to get to eat all three meals with Ben today. 
I am able to have time off to spend on vacation with my husband. 
My iphone 
My sister Kim. 
school, Kenneth was upset, but he turned it around for the most part. 
my daughter is in recovery from her drug addictions 
got to spend time with Olivia before bringing her home from school. 
PAMM AND HER FAMILY ACCEPTING ME AND BEING T HERE 
I have such great kids, even if they annoy me a lot, they are good kids all things considered. 
Got clothes folded from couch 
family helped us out today. 
would probably feel awful as i always feel bad about buying myself anything! 
Went to the mechanic and made an appt to get the windows fixed in the car 
my family/friends 
talking to my aunt, it felt good to call and wish her a happy birthday. 
I awake everyday to my Son. 
to have a true friend who is down to earth. 
My Parents why because they made me the person that I am today. 
home 
Brandi, my daughter... she was what I have wanted as long as I can remember, she is a great person, no problems at all 
my son Zachary because he makes me smile every day. 
Samantha she gave me a place to live. 
Having the the basic necessities; shelter, food, clothing. 
live in a nice house in a great area. 
My daughter - she is my joy and reason to get up every day. 
grandchildren 
had an enjoyable and laughter-filled conversation with my daughter 
my boyfriend cooked me dinner tonight when I had a headache. 
my parents for without them I am not sure where I would be. 
Paul 
I have a job 
I have good health. 
my dad because regardless of what I'm going through he is there to make sure I'm not without. 
My cat always comes to cuddle with me when I need him to — how he knows, I don't know. 
My brother actually spoke to me like I'm a human being, rather than walked past me while I was visiting with my mom. 
My girlfriend is loving and supportive of me. 
Time to meet Katie for coffee 
my kids and grandkids and to still be here to see them grow up .I am also thankful for the man in my life he is my soulmate and i love him dearly these are the blessings i have in my life 
my children are home safe tonight with full bellies and good health. 
Boss was very understanding 
eternally grateful for my husband, his patience, his strength, his devotion. 
Completing all of my notes, and called all my customers to update their status. 
actually went to the dentist 
Today I am grateful for my friend Nancy. 
my husband because he is faithful, loves me and care about my .health 
GREAT! BECAUSE IT WOULD BE ANOTHER GOAL I'VE ACCOMPLISHED. 
New SheetsThey weren't expensive, but they felt good to the skin, like a favorite t-shirt. 
I got to spend time with Devon today. 
my wife because she balances me out as an individual. 
my husband let me borrow the new car with air conditioning. 
my son and the person he has become 
my mom, she is always there for me. 
Linda Lamb 
so grateful for my mother. 
Great. 
My kids are all healthy. 
family 
bought a pair of tweezers that included a suction cup holder in two positions. 
I have overcome many problems that allow me to be as social as I would to be. 
My husband, he has taught me so many beautiful things about life. 
Chandler - i love him, he saved my life 
my friend who calls almost every day to see how I am doing. 
My Mother, she has taught me to be the strong woman I am today. 
got a text for work over the summer 
my boyfriend 
the dear friends in my life. 
Moonstone ring: I spent months ogling this ring from one of my favorite catalogs. 
I have a safe, secure location to reside in. 
Trailer 
received good encouragement from my client manager. 
my boyfriend and everything he does for me. 
Today it's Felipe at work. 
mom and dad 
Brandon Brown , Chanelle Brown , Im grateful for these two people because , Theymake me who I am today . 
was grateful I was able to work a little listing items. 
Omali 
we finally live in a house with a yard and more space for my kids to run around in. 
We now live in a nice house in a great neighborhood.I don't have to worry about not having enough space for my kids to play in. 
Time spent together as family during Van's swim lesson and at dinner. 
My best friend sent me a text today, updating me with his life. 
My last relationship. 
My friend Jenny. 
Shane 
my sons smile 
Getting along well with mother in law while she is visiting. 
the lady at the bank removing three overdraft fees 
Cory as he came back to see me in anaheim 
My home 
My sister. 
YarnGroceriesHair bleach 
to have a husband that is loving and caring about his family 
My mother, her strenghtth and open heart 
have a very understanding husband. 
My daugher asked me to spend time with her 
My mom, brother, children and Levi. 
Extremly lucky and happy 
Spending time with Maria 
My husband tried to make me comfortable when I wasn't feeling well today. 
having a good credit score. 
law school. 
Mayson because she helps me around the house. 
my grandma being excited and happy for me about my potential new job. 
boyfriend) he was loving and caring.wouldn't 
The person that I'm greatful for is my Mother. 
Sylvia. 
leo 
My Mom, she has always been so incredibly faithful and patient and always demonstrates how to be grateful and content with what you have been blessed with. 
i have a best friend who cooks for me 
Was able to get some laundry done without the dog interfering. 
Real nice customers. 
Rod - because he has stood by me through everything 
Sunshine 
Biscuit tree 
Vegetables 
Rescue remedy 
for: time spent with my children. 
we were able to buy a car this week - it will change our lives in so many ways for the better. 
Going for walks with Laura and the dogs. 
My Husband, He loves me so much, I cant believeit.my 
my son is healthy 
to my elder brother.He always rescues me from deep pains and troubles and take care of me in every possible way.When i am stressed, he tries to find out the reason and help me dealing with every situation.If i don't have a brother like him, i would have nothing.My life is because of him.He is GOD for me. 
Having Mike and home and near me. 
I have a wonderful husband who understands me better than I do. 
My daddy - inspires me every single day. 
A picture of my favorite NASCAR driver - I couldn't wait to get this picture redone so I could hang it up. 
Navjot for being my pillar of strength and for helping me think straight and clear and for putting up with my nonsenses 
Sandhya came to check on me how I was feeling 
Navjot's health 
new possibilites at job hunting 
MP3 player 
having a roof over my head, with a beautiful view. 
Being alive and able to choose to make a difference.Being blessed with a healthy mind body and positive attitude. 
Too be alive and able to do things for myself and take care of my family! 
Tom and Enzo, for being honest and helpful to each other, me, and others. 
We are healthy with no illnesses or cancers 
live alone 
Getting kids ready for school was easy this morning and my daughter got her own breakfast. 
Not in a high stress corporate job any more. 
Getting my son up early to get a shower before school. 
Finding time to savor while engaged in the everyday act of surviving. 
Maya was excited to show me her marching band apparel. 
made dinner in under an hour while listening to a podcast. 
Having a job at all 
to have the time and energy to get outside on this beautiful morning and mow my lawn. 
my daughter and her unconditional love. 
only "fell behind" for a couple hours. 
Stress involving studying and taking exams, passing labs, etc. is a thing of the past! 
My friend Susan sent me an email about therapy groups I can join. 
Jack--love my son, who was a gift, so much. 
Greg finally fell asleep.. 
Being ordained! 
Shoes 
Yuin Hee cousin. 
my immediate family is not accepting of me, I have begun to find other family members who reach out and show that they want to be part of mine and my partner's lives. 
was complimented on looking nice and told that I never take a bad photo (although I'm not so sure about that last part lol) 
my family allows me to study.....though i am unemployed 
my catsthe fact that i can afford most what i wantSam 
My home. 
to have a job on my field, right after graduating form University. 
born as a human. 
A new pair of jeans...well, I need new clothes...decided to buy a pair from the local Thrift Store. 
I have a friend that is here for me. 
greatfull that I have a roof over my head. 
can't just name one person, because I have to name two. 
did a Rise & Shine Yoga class as soon as I woke up 
have a secure job with great health insurance 
had good conversations with several friends and my mom 
Yesterday I did not have any soda--just water, tea, and OJ. 
I actually had enough energy and motivation to do some cleaning today. 
don't have to worry about moving my son to a different school district for this school year. 
The first thing that makes my life great is my children! 
My Mom, because even though we may not have all the same interests, she is always there for me. 
My heart. 
I lived to be another year old. 
Terry because she is always there for me. 
all the people that love me in my life. 
drinks 
The first thing that i am grateful for is that i work two jobs and both of my bosses are great people. 
My Mum. 
The first thing I'm grateful for is that I do not have black mold in my bath room anymore. 
having a home 
I could spend time with my best friend without any tension or hurry and be in a peaceful place with ducks and swans. 
guess I'm glad I don't have to worry about matlab homework anymore now that I've graduated. 
my son, Josh the man that holds my heart, Evie the woman that holds my friendship, Will the one that always understood my crazy mind. 
would buy a move back to the place i call home. 
Hearing my boyfriend say i help make him happy. 
talking to my boyfriend we made a few choices together that to most would be small but for us they were big, at least for me. 
Nick for putting up with my craziness. 
Grateful that it is not 100 degrees outside today 
La Sas. 
Cuddling with Greg 
My mom she support me but make me mad sometime. 
I saw rain for a long time. 
unloading the dishwasher 
Rishi Bhutani my husbandMy father Mr.Tilak Raj Verma 
My new fancy lunch bagsPuzzle bookfish stickers 
the ability to take a nap after the gym; I really was exhausted. 
so very grateful for my Momma. 
Suzanne Wijnands because she is always available to talk and she actually cares about me. 
guess that people might be jealous of my intellect. 
all the wonderful things my husband and I have. 
Catherine called me back to make sure I'm doing okay. 
my husband, he has helped me come through some very rough deaths 
a nice house that is comfortable and homey 
my mother. 
My son, cuz with out him I don't know where I would be. 
myself, I can rely on me and be my best friend. 
got to go to the gym today and worked out for the first time since April. 
A friend helping me out when I am sick 
Headphones. 
have a good boss 
Jazz shoesCell phoneforks 
my children because we are here for each other 
God give me life 
my children. 
1. 
all of the help and support I receive from my husband. 
Jim, he has help me thru my dark and hard times. 
Having the opportunity to work from home and in a co-working space with other startup entrepreneurs 
was on track with the big boss on my ideas for a major project 
No longer trying to please people who are negative energy in my life. 
cats- i would really be sad if i lost either of them,They cheer me up with their funny antics. 
trouble sleeping 
my beautiful girlfriend 
being able to take a nap 
dont have to stress abput extra people in my house 
Hannah. 
today that my husband took our son to the park so that I have a few minutes to myself. 
get to see wildlife up close 
my package arrived 
These past couple of weeks, I am very grateful for Pete. 
the length of time I have at home today to complete chores. 
Too many bills 
David Stopped by and we are hanging out tonight. 
That would be my Mom..without her I wouldn't have my two beautiful son's when I was married. 
My kids go to a very good school and are happy there. 
the nights when I can fall asleep quickly and stay asleep all night. 
my daughter has been in a good mood today. 
my husband wanted to have dinner with me 
Ian 
Grateful I have such great friends that would do anything for me, and in return I would do anything for as well. 
My Husband Norm, he has stuck by my side for 33 years and many many ups, downs. 
My beautiful daughter going after what she wants in life...not letting anything or anyone stop her. 
my husband has come through chemotherapy and is healthy 
have successfully raised my 2 children. 
made progress on recruitment efforts for my projects. 
My husband did the dishes and is doing another load. 
the ability to stay at home today. 
my husband who is also my very best friend 
My dad and I had a good laugh this morning. 
a warm night to work 
Thankful I ran into James/John and found out about Remote and talked to him about R. 
my daughter was empathetic when I said I was having a bad day at work and she went out of her way to be helpful. 
Jean Coste my mother, for allways being there for me in good and bad times. 
My friends at Recovery Innovations. 
my sister and brother-in-law have been so amazing with letting us live here. 
my happy daughter. 
my mother because she is always there for me 
my sister Yvette for she has given me things I could never have as well as loving me unconditional 
My co-worker made me feel good and made me feel better about the situation at work. 
Love when people call my name at work because I know they believe in me and know I handle my job great. 
Crissy. 
Ben took a shower for me last night. 
Took a walk during lunch with a coworker. 
Grateful that I got my Gladiolias Moved in the beautiful weather 
my mother. 
health 
was able to get moms house cleaned today. 
my daughter because she has given me purpose in life and reasons to keep believing in life. 
my kids - because they are very successful academically and make good choices in friends. 
My husband because he has always stayed with me when I haven't always been pleasant to live with. 
I was in the hospital my Nurse made me two cups of vegetable soup from a can and brought me crackers, jello, and a pop, because I had not eating since 3 pm that day and the kitchen was closed because it was very late. 
God, family and friends are a few of the many things I am grateful for in my every day life. 
My salvation: Where I will go when this life ends. 
have a friend who I know will always be there ... 
woke up to my loving husband and 3 beautiful children and was able to thank the Lord above for blessing us with another day to impact another's life in a positive way 
My parents for believing in me 
I have a partner that helps me take care of our animals every day! 
Rhys amy sone as he is a joy to be around and watch as learns about the world around him. 
some one helps with the dishes 
Shonette. 
my dad, he helps me more than anyone ells has ever. 
My family. 
Keegan.. making me laugh when im frustrated and aggitated... he makes me realize he is my whole heart.. right in the middle of being so upset with him he does or says the most darling thing to remind me how precious he is to me.. and i cease my yelling 
Short drive to work. 
my husband getting me a new sewing machine. 
Steve,he puts up with me when i wouldnt put up with me 
my kids are healthy and wonderful and my parents and brothers are loving and supportive 
My new shoes. 
my children helping with house chores even though i dont express it enough 
my beautiful, healthy daughter 
James. 
was grateful that the manager fixed my schedule and gave me next Saturday off. 
don't have to worry about moving until May. 
got 93% on my organic chemistry quiz :) It made me feel really good. 
I am healthy. 
would want my box of pictures so I can continue to look and see the good times and captured memories. 
My love, my family, my few close friends, make my life good. 
Thanks you to the sweet, loving texts from my love that mad my day, and our lovely skype session. 
A 92% on an exam. 
my nephew Jordan because i love him and very close to him. 
got a good office all afternoon 
Woke up to a text message to a birthday party. 
my husband and having him as my best friend. 
Cassandra Leeann Snyder, the past 2 years that i have spent with her, helped me to realize how i should be living. 
none 
replanted the mums and watered the flowering plants in the front yard. 
my jobs that I can work from home. 
Husband's Opportunities for employment. 
My husband. 
so grateful for my sister, she has the ability to make everything a little brighter. 
got my Gaba Calm pills 
my daughter katie because she always keeps me on my feet and there is never a dull moment 
Working with people who make me laugh 
my rescued dog's leg is healed enough that she can now live out her puppy life and play with other dogs! 
Everyone is healthy right now for the time being. 
my mom. 
my parents for helping me with surgery 
My mom taking my son to school everyday. 
my mom. 
Found an answer regarding challenging the banks ownership of the house 
have a house to come home to, not falling down, not in a ghetto, not an apt. 
Getting to see Poonam for dinner! 
We got the air conditioning fixed. 
had a good lunch. 
my loving family 
i have a job 
Boyfriend came home from work happy 
don't shop often but needed a new pair of pants. 
I am cancer free. 
My husband who has been there for me through it all. 
Hannah spent the night :) 
My brother was able to get stronger medication for his recovery after lung surgery. 
GRATEFUL for my husband, John. 
Deep satisfaction and a slight buzz that I get from shopping. 
Grateful for my facebook friends who are here for me everyday. 
course this is the easy one the person that I am most gratful for is my husband who loves me, my many sometimes scary moodswings , and my body just as they are. 
Such an understanding husband 
vivi's hammockgotta return it anyway, couldn't get her interested.i 
A visit from the grandbabies 
My car. 
My Grandchildren, My Children , 
a roof over my head 
how well my kids get along together, how handy my husband is around the house, how my husband can fix anything, does laundry, cooks, and builds furniture. 
new van- felt more secure. 
my daughters because they give me a reason to keep doing whatever I can to make their lives better. 
A beautiful, sunny day, and some opportunities to enjoy some walks outside. 
Having lunch with Gisela today in Dublin. 
have a roof over my head 
My son. 
People who love me enough to come hunt me down and find me. 
my health 
worthless 
My husband made it home after being gone for work. 
MY BROTHER TOM BECAUSE HE MAKES ME REALIZE LIFE IS WORTH LIVING FOR. 
used the pickles I was givenI helped my neighborI remained sane 
Waking up each day 
my amazing daughter! 
Ms. Olivarez always being such a great help. 
Michael-he loves me unconditionally and makes me laugh 
My daughter- she makes me laugh, challenges me to parent creatively and loves me 
shoes. 
to share my days with my children. 
my wife and my mother. 
my children and grandchildren 
having a loving family. 
Stephany took my kids to lunch so that I could wait for my pizza delivery. 
EricHe is my rock. 
having a job to go to so I'm out of the house. 
cell phone 
canon 5dsaved up for the camera and a year later i already want a new one. 
my dogs 
tomorrow is new daythat I may practice positive attitudes towards myself and others. 
made headway on a project I had been dreading doing, Auditing Personnel files. 
Healthy children 
RefrigeratorI needed to replace the refrigerator in my rental unit. 
my wife 
the relationship I have with my sister. 
flexibility with my schedule 
The wonderful Man I am in a courtship with. 
when my parents coming home from denver 
the time I get to spend with my mom and sister on the weekends. 
I graduated with my BA in English in May, I no longer have to stress about classes, papers, grades, and all that school-related stuff that used to really overwhelm me at times (especially when combined with all my non-school responsibilities). 
Phone - new phone, new apps, new things to explore on phone, way of contentedness to others 
got some laundry done. 
my children. 
daughter competing in syliva floral competion 
Cameron did his homework very well! 
kenny, he keeps my in check. 
my husband 
we are all healthy and have food on our tables 
was totally wrong. 
Medicine 
my awesome kids 
have been able to clean the front bed around the camelias so they will be beautiful at Christmas time. 
Everything weather physical as well as mental health 
i have a job 
to have been able to be at home tonight to prepare dinner. 
Used laptop 
my children. 
Chris. 
Jim he is just the best 
I have a daughter 
My home value is over $200,000.00. 
Grateful that my home is clean now, and looks pretty and peaceful. 
My Dad. 
My Husband-He saved my life and has stuck by me in my health issues. 
I get to see Cole after school now. 
baby Ginevra, because she is healthy and happy and new to this world and she is open and trusting and untainted by the world around her. 
I have Mark to come home to. 
my husband Jeff. he has stayed with me through the good & bad times and has been my rock. 
My new roommate found all the things on my list that I couldn't find and didn't get mad at me for making a list (or didn't express it). 
don't have to worry about a roof over my head this month. 
did yoga this morning. 
Jade made me laugh 
worked with Mike,Mike and Sunida and it was harmonius 
My happy Son. 
Trace. 
having great kids 
when my family make it home safely. 
my family 
seeing the first smiles of my grandsons for the day. 
a clean house. 
don't have to worry about my partner cheating on me, and staying out all night. 
woke up 
I love alone 
Ray Bochas He can make me smile , he works so hard and tries to make me happy . 
employed full time. 
The lady (retired) I rent from is not only my landlord, but a friend. 
I was able to hang out with my daughter today. 
Grateful for the Judo community I am apart of, and for the value my instructor made me feel when he complimented my technique in Randori. 
Patrice clayton 
my daughter. 
my husband was able to accompany me to our son's back to school night. 
think that I am most grateful for my sister. 
My eyes, ears, and to be breathing the privelage to pray and seek God 
that I have a job. 
My car 
was able to work more doubles. 
my 2 boys and the wife's, 1 grand daughter and my dogs. 
My mom because she is always there for me whenever I need help 
My granddaughters came to see me 
My 2(3) friends who support me at work. 
have a wonderful husband, son, daughter, mother and maid. 
Trevor, he has stayed with me through the highs and the lows 
My husband found a new client 
cleaning house 
Talking with Tom 
my Mom's health 
cream 
Myself because I am cool 
haven't really bought anything. 
my family 
my mother because she is always there when I need her. 
Having a college education 
having a nice warm home that meets my needs and that I can afford to live here. 
Mark sees value in me and want to help me. 
Got a good morning beautiful text 
Dries - omdat hij veel geduld heeft 
It's Friday! 
My JNROTC kids that I adore 
my children, they make me happy 
my kids are healthy. 
Striped 'big shirt'--I ordered this shirt a few weeks back and within a week it ended up in a pile of other clothes. 
Thinking of the homeless on the street, I am grateful for my apartment. 
Friends that understand and share my experiences 
Richard was there in the middle of the night to talk about the termite problem strategy. 
started my own business and never have to stress out about being the victim of office politics again. 
My patient Sheila came into my office feel really lousy and looking like she might very well die today. 
feel grateful that my son was able to find work. 
iphone 5s - new, light, fresh, phone calls work, pictures better. 
we were taking our dog Bob to the vet this morning, M turned around in her seat and looked back at her and said, "Oh, I love her so much!" 
Maia's daddy spent a few hours with her without complaint so that I could shop without her. 
the fact that I have a job 
My Son was promoted today 
Having to refinance my home; understand the process now 
Having a Job 
mom because she cares 
to have a loving son 
My husband. 
Today I went for a run 
went on my first date in many years and it was lovely. 
dee 
my husband John, He is my soul mate 
KatieTimTracy 
work with a great group of people. 
Weekend with Shelby 
Karen sent me an email about a nun which shows she is thinking about me and my future. 
THEY are gone from my work place. 
That God has blessed me with so much. 
my children. 
My daughter and son-in-law are feeling better 
Steph and Robyn and I made the entire office laugh 
Kim Jane and I are going to the price is right tonight even though it is just a knock off , I am very excited to participate if I get called on! 
My brother and I own a mortgage with a fairly good rate and I do not have to stress about having a roof over my head. 
the one on one moments with my babies. 
Katie said she thought my FAQs were perfect and amazing. 
my learning by taking tests...vs just learning for the LOVE of it! 
don't have enough money to buy 3 things. 
My housecleaner, Alba, came upstairs and caught me crying. 
Makeup 
we were able to fix the starter in my car. 
a student, Ella, in my biochemistry class offered that we share our answers on a difficult homework assignment over the weekend. 
My mother is a wonderful person. 
The weather is very nice today 
My mom brought home some delicious bagels for breakfast 
Today i got my left ear pierced to finally start gauging it for my size goal. 
had fun with my freinds at recess 
Sleepovers 
mommy and daddy. 
1. 
the people in my life. 
Harvey- I'm grateful that I have a friend that always tries to cheer me up. 
I was able to smoke on my porch this morning. 
my mother, because she loves me unconditionally 
life food sleep 
Worked on an oil painting. 
My house 
jumped into my parents bed several times and it made me happy. 
my husband dealing with the packages that arrived today. 
don't have to worry about living in a decent home which is warm in the winter. 
Nook 
being able to cook delicious and nourishing food for myself and my family. 
mom- unwavering care, extreme strength and courage 
MassageThey relax me and I feel like I am taking care of my self needs. 
Spending the day with Emerson 
Friend offered kind words during a struggle via message. 
lori she helps me so much, she does more than she should.olinger 
I have a home with hot water and a warm bed and that I share my home with someone else. 
helped mama baked banana cake. 
Grace hugged me and told me she was happy she had me as a friend. 
always have a laugh with my colleagues 
my cats that are full of unconditional love. 
can sleep in to whenever I like without stress 
My Warm Cosy Bed 
My mcm purseI did feel guilty purchasing the purse but love that its beautiful and also thatI could get it. 
to have my mother by my side, she always ensure I stay strong and I don't give up in life despite those hardship we go face as a family. 
Mick, a very positive person; very comfortable in his own skin and therefore comfortable with other people; great sense of humor 
heard my daughters laughing 
working on the skiff with dad- getting in prepared. 
Debbie Walter.She saw the laughter hidden in me and made the steps to become friends. 
Ed is a great support and really does not judge me.My children who I feel love towards and from.Rick who does his best to love me.Johanna who really loves me.Nita who wants the best for me. 
having my 3 wonderful kids in my life. 
My husband is caring and loving. 
My relationship 
watching 'celebrity super spar' it was soo funny 
Will Larue. 
Eddie vedder 
My Family for sure. 
We have Malomars! 
cleaned up Mom's room. 
Don FM he helped to go on with my business when I most needed 
Ran for an hour 
Sarah, my dear friend. 
I-padI-phone 5Samsung galaxy iii phone 
My family and all the support we have. 
My husband losing his job when I was 6 months pregnant. 
Mimi was such fun today when we were baking. 
A person I'm grateful for and why - My daughter and my stepdaughter because they each listen to me, have great ideas and make me laugh and feel loved, cared about. 
1. 
sat in the sun in my pj's and stretched and relaxed. 
my friend Laurie Taylor. 
my friends, family, and cats. 
a colleague who told me something I wrote was really good. 
My cats meeting me at the door! 
life 
My friend Kendall, even after a bad day just being around her makes me feel happy and myself again. 
Makeup. 
looked at my investment and I've already gained like 50Php, but it went down again. 
used to think I'm perfect. 
Well, for one, yes, I just closed a really huge projects that saved hundreds of dollars. 
have work now. 
woke up grateful to be with my grandson. 
Running in the rain 
Alex ~ She's the only one who makes me feel at least a little comfortable here. 
Hanging out with my sister - lots of laughs, spending time together, making plans together, talking about life, figuring out scott's bday present... 
Seeing my old coworkers and friends 
my family 
My mom. 
My husband taking the dog on a walk while I finished up school work for the day 
my husband and I have a great relationship. 
went to baycrest. 
Having a roof over our heads. 
Fix water heater 
scott my husband makes me laugh even when i don't want to 
Rest, recovery time out and relaxation 
My friend Kassie called me today.I got to see Lily and snuggle her . 
My family and i didnt fight 
My roommate is extremely supportive, fun, and loving. 
My husband was very attentive 
My ability to enjoy the little things! 
I have a good Christian man who comes home to this chaotic child filled house and kisses me everyday 
A black leather purse. 
Knowing the in & out of the application 
Jason because he's always full of life, energy and compliments. 
A book 
That i got up healthy and offered my prayers and i an serene. 
my mom knowing when I'm in a tough spot, to stop what she is doing and sit with me and talk and listen and always be understanding. 
My new trampoline, exercising was so much fun 
The loving kind patient support from my husband 
having a beautiful home where I can find joy. 
I´ve had to deal with stress related to family problems (one of my sisters suffers a mental disease that has affected me deeply along my childhood), to financial problems due to the breakout of the economy in my country and also to the process of ageing and dependence of my mother where I have had to assume a leading role in order to warrant the adequate cares. 
my mom. 
still having my mom shopping n happy 
my mom, because she always seems to be able to calm me down and help me to relax. 
my friends because they are always there for me no matter the situation and they help me along in tough places 
my lazy day today. 
My sister. 
my loving boyfriend. 
feel grateful for all the things that i already have in my life, all the people, expiriences and things. 
Friend stopped by for a visit. 
I have been on vacation since last Wednesday! 
Felt good because had awesome time with my friends.Spent some good time. 
went out to the blindhorse saloon and danced with a girl. 
my dog 
was grateful that my dad took Michael to the 5k run this morning. 
I've lived with my parents for a long time. 
to work at a school that does not give kids a free pass when they misbehave. 
I actually took the plunge and moved out on my own with my son, I used to worry a lot that I wouldn't be able to take care of us. 
Class in the computer lab went smoothly today. 
have a safe and stable home.I own my home. 
my best friend cam because she helps me through everything. 
Happy that my family called up to ask about me. 
my friend Jared, because he always whistles and it makes me happy. 
Medicaid's a pain, but at least I have insurance. 
My mom because she is always there for me. 
New carWithout my car, I would not be able to have the freedom to go where I please, and get to a job that I love 
The weather just started to change, I felt the morning chill and was grateful I didn't have to be out today. 
My parents let me go to a show I had been planning on going to with my best friend for months. 
don't have to worry about being stared at 
my dad. he has helped me learn and grow and gives me someone to look up to. the fact that weve been in such financial strains for so long and that even when he didnt have a job for months he still woke up every day and filled out applications. 
my mum doing my washing 
getting to spend the night minding Ivy before leaving 
Getting my PhD - I no longer have this hanging over me. 
I'm alive and healthy enough. 
Getting the new GTA 5 
a husband who loves me and tells me he loves me everyday. 
Dog 
Elevate 
having a mother who will eat breakfast with me and go to church with me on Sundays. 
My relationship has been over for the past 3 years. 
One thing that makes my life great is the loved ones I have that surround me. 
To be able to wake up and see the beginning of a new day, I always think about it as a gift, to me that is the meaning of the word "present" a gift. 
customer started work after long time 
being healthy 
Carl -because he's awesome and always there for me. 
My mom, because no matter what she's always there for me, and has always put her family before herself. 
My husband did the laundry even though I said that I would. 
to have a job 
iPhone 
home 
my mom, she has always had a great outlook 
nothing 
family 
My husband 
My sobriety and clarity of mind 
My mom went shopping & got me stuff that I like. 
my friend calling and checking on me tonight. 
my fiancé stayed busy this weekend and did chores around the house. 
The fact that I have somewhere to stay because many people don't. 
was able to spend time with my little sister 
God and My mom! 
My Blackberry Phone, I remember being so happy when I found out that I saved up enough money to buy a new phone. 
Able to talk with Robbie and Kate together. 
My daughter is on a path of part time school and part time work. 
ate yummy pizza for dinner which is a treat since I try to eat healthy 
Having 3 grown boys who still enjoy coming home and who enjoy eachothers company. 
Bought my First New CarMade me ecstatic, loved having something to be proud of, Something i achieved by myself 
God and Sundays. 
Been loved 
Carter's smiles, cuddles, coos, laughs, hugs, the joy of rocking him in my arms, 
J.Crew Sweaters- I just order this package of clothes a few days ago with my own money. 
my healthy boys and husband. 
Shillu 
Claire got up and went to work as I was worried about her being down 
A person I'm grateful for is my Mom because her love is unconditional. 
fabric 
My Mom because she has taught me how to be a strong and independent woman. 
my Hubby 
Armonde, because she always answers my Emails 
A good nights sleep 
people who make effort for me even though they don't need to 
Mark, becouse he is here all the time for me. 
Grateful for having a roof over my head. 
always helps 
Visit from close friends (who recently became engaged). 
Looming deadlines and presentations are frequent stressors in my career. 
Relationships with friends and family. 
my boyfriend, Hanif, went to the grocery store yesterday so I could finish working. 
Table 
was able to have a quiet dinner with my husband 
luigina helped me take care of that 
1. 
Zach. 
feel greatful when i be a leader and make adventure . 
Blah 
ddd 
Grateful for my squishy. 
my mother for always being so supportive. 
new i5 laptop Can't do anything without it 
All the beautiful, healthy bunnies at home for me to care for. 
gratefull for all the people in the world,all of them!!! with the help of them i have understand more myself and the world general!!!human comminication is everything and im very very gratefull for this!!! 
gratefull because i am alive..the universe wants me alive and this is very important for me because in this way it show me that i can do a little better this world and that exactly i will do!!!!!thank you!!!!! 
to be at home with my daughter while she is so young. 
My former in-laws and all the accompanying drama. 
Today I was not pregnant. 
My dogs are snuggly and I have a kitten that needs me and another kitten who is in love with me. 
We have shelter and all necessities. 
1. 
to work from home and have the flexibility to take kids to school and see them after school. 
today for my abstinence from sugar, wheat, flour, compulsive overeating, and related self-destructive behaviors. 
being able to do a workout before my work day starts 
Husband of 38 years who is extremely able to handle life's difficulties, pushes me to do more when I want to give in and shares many of my values & goals 
Today, I ate with some friends, we talked about different topics and we laughed. 
Co-worker on the same page as myself 
My husband because he supports me in every way 
I had an Ibuprofen in my pants pocket 
My husband 
My incredibly supportive family, friends and partner make my life great. 
New clothes- They made me feel like I was dressing for the job I wanted. 
My sister Rachel. 
good dancer 
ran into chuck from maintanence! 
My roommates and the boys down the hall are always here for me no matter what when I have problems. 
my mother. 
Don - for communicating with me so honestly 
made positive steps to getting control of the workload 
My x-husband...do not have to be afraid anymore 
got my shelves up for storage & filled them. 
Thankful I got to spend some one on one time with my middle child. 
Sam Bella - I am incredibly grateful for my husband. 
The view out my window. 
quit being nauseous 
My animals. 
My gallbladder is gone after an emergency surgery this year so I don't have to worry about that. 
That Fred the little dog I wanted to adopt was adopted by an amazing couple--a magician and a performer. 
Babou's diagnosis wasn't as bad as it could have been. 
thankfull for my neighbor whom is caring for my cat while i am in the hospital. 
my daughter is in her room putting away her toys without fussing 
not that materialistic. 
Healthier eating habits at home 
My daughter. 
cookie cutterscook booksfamily heirlooms 
My/ mom/ because/ she/ is/ always/ there/ whe0n/ I/ need/ to/ talk/opr/ just/ need/ a/ laugh./ 
the relationship that has developed between myself and my son. 
moving into the basement so I can have more space 
there will be fish for dinner 
Stacy helped with the stray cat population 
there was food to eat 
no longer work at Lowes . 
my husband encourages me to pamper myself and our son. 
My pets give me love, attention and keep my more active. 
my family...they are awesome! 
Made it to work safely. 
Mitch came over. 
woke up this morning. 
my son. 
my mother's health 
home 
Cass called 
A vehicle 
David: He is the most creative, happiest, realistic, energetic, funniest, imaginative, prettiest, most genuinely authentic person I've been married to so far. 
really grateful that I had a chance to hug my dog this morning. 
There is lots of wood for the winter time! 
have a person that I really love to come home to. 
Little bitty gourds harvested today. 
my Mom because she is always there for me. 
Able to bring clarity to bad situation -- helped see the positive. 
so grateful for my mom. 
my husband. 
Life 
so grateful to have a place to stay. 
I worked by myself today 
There was an actual Monday Morning Meeting 
My sons humor, he is the funniest little person and can always bring a smile to my face. 
made a new friend 
Part 2 of my Chemistry Controlled Assessment has been held until a later date for more preparation. 
My brogues. 
Beachbody Covey Training - looking forward to spending time with another coach, will learn things, looking forward to a weekend away and recapturing energy of BB. 
would feel excited to go home and find just the right place to put it. 
My health 
my husband who loves me, cares about me and wants the best for me. 
Me time 
my colleagues didn't judge my behavior or condone it, they just listened and let me vent. 
1. 
I have a husband who loves me! 
mom 
My own place. 
the things I have 
my daughter emily , who always trys to make me smile 
to have my daughter, son and granddaughter. 
so grateful for my husband. 
Laptop....I was so happy...it was brand new...and I bought myself and my son....this is important because we no longer had to share.....the thought of having to do that again---with the arguing...and back and forth...I really do need to appreciate that I was able to get those 
Peaceful and quiet day 
Was not late and did not feel rushed on the way to work today. 
Joe my husband 
husband he will always listen to me, not to agree or disagree but just listen 
Deb, because she tries hard to be a good and true friend to me, with my best interests at heart, even when she doesn't agree with me. 
Sis, she's my absolute best friend and I can tell and talk to her about anything. 
laptop - use it every day and love it 
A good friend folded and hung up my laundry. 
a dress 
My car...I was so happy!! Drove around for no reason and it was what I have always wanted. 
The studentsMy day went quickly because I stayed busy 
It is nice to be called and asked out that means people like to spend time with you 
woke up not in pain 
Having Jesus in my life. 
long time friends from school 
He gave me rides to my art show and helped me pack everything up. 
Ron Mckiness-Looks, caring, has careermargit lundgren- understanding, caring, has time for me 
to have a husband who is grounded, loyal, honest, takes care of himself and loves me. 
James, because he's always there for me to help me with my problems or whatever it is i need. 
1. 
Shoes 
Nat telling me how cute my dogs are. 
Having someone to sit with when I eat lunch and dinner. 
I have a comfy couch to cozy up on and rest.I am grateful for pizza, comedies and friends to share them with! 
Physical Abuse. 
My Petunia waiting for me when I get home. 
iPad 
having a nice home. 
really grateful that my parents are so supportive of me. 
Husband, is my best friend. 
everyone is healthy 
good co-workers. 
my wife 
My mom, while being off from work today, made me food especially catered to my needs of battling a stomach virus at the moment. 
a loving husband. 
My ability to take somewhat bad situations and put a positive spin on them (most of the time.) 
My family 
My mom said that she and Dad are going to give me $1000 to help pay for AMTC. 
1. 
Paying rent. 
my mom because without her, I would be scared in this world. 
1. 
my parents because they give me the love and support I need right now. 
God has provided an open door for me to record my first album and get my music career started! 
My family 
My coworkers made me laugh 
Jon: He is my perfect partner. 
My daughter 
my son and I were pleasant to each other today. 
Cookie cut-out shapes and decorating items. 
computer 
made dinner tonight, good grass-fed, organic beef hamburgers, and we sat down for dinner together. 
Spending time with my mom this morning 
My mom 
Maria and I made time to share dinner. 
Not arguing with Bill. 
Having a home 
was able to help out co worker 
My husband for taking care of me and not complaining. 
have a job 
My car- when I bought it I thought that I finally had "everything that I wanted." 
got up and went to church this past Sunday. 
My grandson because he's always glad to see me. 
Time to hug and cuddle with my daughter 
My husband. 
Given more responsibility by my employer showing her trust in me as a leader. 
I have people in my life that encourage me to continue to be positive and inspirational to others. 
feel grateful that my parents were visiting this weekend. 
My van getting fixed. 
went to the Y and worked out by myself, met a wonderful man who thanked me for my service as a teacher. 
Grace asked me to be with her while she picked out her school picture outfit. 
Beth came over and helped me get a lot done around the house. 
my mom. 
Irfon. 
My dad called me knowing I was having a horrible day and helped cheer me up for a little while. 
My parents support me 100% and are willing to help me with whatever I need to do to achieve my dreams. 
The comfort of my home. 
GRATEFUL FOR THE PEOPLE I WORK WITH AND HOW SUPPORTIVE THEY ARE, HOW WONDERFUL THEY ARE TO WORK WITH EVEN THOUGH THEY ARE STRESSED. 
my children...they are God fearing God loving children very successful in life and I feel as though I have done a great job raising them alone. 
My husband - he gives me positive support, no matter how down and out I am 
My supportive boyfriend 
had a good time with my family this past weekend. 
have a roof over my head, food to eat, and an abundance of stuff - my basic needs are more than covered. 
self mood changers. 
I am smart and capable 
The dogs were good today and happy to see me. 
used to have a terrible car it would break down a lot. 
did not have a bad commute to work today, i was so glad to have avoided thedaily traffic jam. 
Roger gave me a tootsie roll. 
Thankful for spending the weekend with my step-daughter and celebrating her 14th birthday 
My friend, and my daughter's tutor called today asking if my daughter was coming to study. 
husband and how much he does for the family 
All my chickens are in the coop 
Nutrition supplements 
I am grateful for Megan because she is here to make sure I am okay. 
my palm treemy ficus treemy other plant 
my animals 
Tao. 
food 
A friend from my na meetings wrote a nice message on my page, and said she missed me. 
My friend and amazing Mentor agreed to donate funds from a collective we started towards my healing process. 
a wonderful relationship with my sister 
One of the most stressful times I had was coming out to my family. 
1. 
1. 
My xbox 360. 
a wonderful home with the love of my life. 
Lauren has decided to get fit with me. 
Today I was able to have some time to myself to listen to my music and get my much needed "TO DO" list done. 
I'm healthy 
satelite tv i could watch lots of tv. 
Went out for coffee with Sarah and Zia 
i Do indeed have a job 
Joanna is still my friend after all those years and that we reconnected after the time that we lost touch. 
my husband,because he is hard worker and loves me 
my children and that they are happy and healthy 
supportive parents - not only emotionally supportive, but physically. 
my parents. 
to work where I can tan! 
My mom 
my husband, who loves me everyday. 
not in contact with a negative family member any more. 
my husband, CRC. 
I have a nice home. 
La V, for believing in me and opening up my tiny slit of a worldview. 
my friend, Betsy, a person who has never judged me and who has been an ear for me when I need one. 
chiropractic care, without which, I would have daily migraines instead of occasional migraines. 
having a job that pays something 
my entire family - they are always supportive, there whenever i need them, accept me for who i am and are fun to hang out with 
Joe for always being there for me. 
familyfriends 
the water didnt get turned off today 
I got a visit from my husband on his lunch break which boosted my mood. 
got to lay in bed with Dada this morning 
healthy 
Amber and Han, because they talk to me online each day. 
funny when I am not overly depressed. 
sunshine/clear blue sky 
Brian driving my car to figure out the clip for the muffler had disconnected which is why my car was rattling. 
working with a toxic person who was a micro-manager - worked with others on overcoming my feelings of dread when having to work with this person. 
My kids made me dinner tonight because they could see I was down. 
Had two new members join 
my daughter for showing me that change is possible even through some of the worst senarios as long as you have love. 
Amani, she makes me laugh 
my two bright, helpful, beautiful on the inside and out children. 
my daughter Vera because she inspires me to want to be a better person. 
my mother because without her I have no idea where I would be. 
my boss, Chris, he knows all my quirks but doesnt judge me. 
was able to work the first part of my day from bed. 
have a roof over my head and family and friends 
all the tomatoes that have grown this year - we now have TONS of stuff in the freezer for soup, chili, pasta sauce & more. 
all of the food we have in the house, and the delicious meals we make with it 
a son that shows his love for me and is happy to be with me and is a joy to be with. 
my husband 
I have a healthy husband 
put together Areli and ARC 
Slippers- So happy I wouldn't have to wear my boots all the time or ruin my socks.Plus I'll have warm feet! 
Dress - feeling beautiful and new, i can go out again and don't feel like I am dressed in rags, don't look like i am in a bin bag 
my new 20lb kettle bell! 
My sister-in-law, Andrea, because she doesn't judge me. 
my children and their accomplishments 
the home my daughter and I share. 
my mom. 
my little brother. 
I woke up this morning, and my 13 year old cat (Meowzers) was still alive... purring all snuggled up to me. 
Clothing, felt like i had something nice and new for a small period of time. 
beginning the day with Snatam Kaur's chanting. 
bobby working 
That my man supports this family. 
got a free hamburger in the fridge that was very delicious. 
my children and I waking up in a warm bed inside a safe home. 
my husband, that he works so hard to provide for me. 
my kids 
My daughter's success. 
Waking up to my always smiling son in the morning. 
my sister in law 
short commute so i can go home and see doggies during the day 
I have insurance to pay for my doctor's appointment. 
We have what we need. 
mom helped me work on my costume 
FB friend sent me a nice msg today concerning a free trip to Houston. 
Not having and old boyfriend name Ralph in my life anymore 
my kids 
my car 
Alex for the things he does to try and make me feel better. 
my complete family who are proud of me. 
Gratful for a new day with my kids and my family. 
My Children 
my roommates, Melissa and Alessandro, are amazingly supportive and always have time to listen when I need to talk or just to chat for a few minutes. 
no longer have to stress about my dangerously high cholesterol levels which were putting me at extremely high risk for heart disease at a relatively young age. 
Had dinner with Renee, Keith, Lindsay, Steph and Tina. 
lupe cause i love her 
jourdan took the time to sit with me and talk to me and cheer me up when i was crying even after i pushed him away 
healthy 
picked up from train station and cooked tea 
my health 
my niece Lena. 
Tablet 
The lounge room was clean which allowed me to lie around happy but then allowed me to sit on the yoga mat and organise. 
my mother who heated up my lunch and fed me yesterday because I hadn't eaten it at work. 
My husband got a new contract 
Deanna bought me toast tongs! 
don't have to worry about money. 
Boots: I had been wanting to get a pair for a few weeks but I couldn't afford it until last week. 
being employed. 
Handbag- I would be able to revive an appreciation for it because I like it 
h&m shoesmade me feel sophisticated and sexy 
my girlfriend loves me. 
breathe, work, life, sunshine, soma 
my wife, because she loves me and appreciates me being with her, 
my son, James, because he is always happy to be with me. 
I have a running van that I can take the kids to and from school in. 
When I was little I wanted a radio/tape player more than anything. 
being employed in not one but two great jobs. 
Always there for me. 
Walked a mile 
1. 
WAS GRATEFUL TASHA PICKED JOSIE UP FOR ME. 
My sister Lauri and Brother in law Steve for giving me financial support when i need it the most right now. 
can listen to iTunes Radio Beatles Channel while I work. 
New snow boots for winter- so excited and happy that I finally got the boots I was wanting for a year. 
Grateful that I'm in our new home (River Forest), with Kate, Alderson, dog, cat, & two new kittens. 
my friend brought me out to lunch 
my hubby works hard for his family. 
my sweet and loving wife who takes such great care of me. 
getting a picture of my grandson 
getting a few loads of laundry done 
Dealing with brother in law belittling me and my family. 
A new home. 
My grandson 
My friend came and picked me up to spend some time with her. 
Compartir con gente positiva 
1. 
having Cory in my life. 
I work with a bunch of hysterical and smart colleagues. 
Darnell Goodman because he taught me how to love correctly. 
Someone sent me a gift 
my boyfriend Greg. 
Grateful Bryce got around on time this morning. 
My health 
Sumio and my kids who let me do whatever I think I need to do, even if it might be a waste of time. 
Mom because she understands my mental stuggles 
Exercising. 
Spending time with Ryland 
my husband because he puts up with me and my negativity and can keep me grounded 
Hannah who is my 18 year old daughter who loves me, loves spending time with me, who needs me and values me and tells me what she's feeling and thinking. 
having a great family 
El estrés del trabajo en el gobierno 
My husband. 
Having a home. 
We are moving and my old friend offered to help if we needed it. 
Ed, he is kind and caring, never complains about helping me or doing things for me. 
Mushrooms 
The students I work with are delightful, respectful and kind. 
loved being able to coordinate with everyone on a logo design. 
have work to come to 
warm place 
Getting things accomplished. 
meeting J. 
I have nice legs. 
My kids are healthy 
My wife and daughters; they are the reason i exist 
Cooking - cleanse 
My Mother. 
That Kelsey is back on my fb even though we are not in direct communication. 
not working today 
Penny: she is the ultimate flatterer she follows me around and loves my attention. 
my son and daughter in law came over for dinner last night. 
feel so thankful that Gardner Briggs could help me with cleaning and organizing. 
my own home - for privacy - for the kids and I to share our own home finally. 
Most grateful for my daughter Amanda Rae Schemitz, she has blessed my life with two beautiful Granddaughters. 
my 3 healthy smart children 
my son eating his dinner and having seconds tonight. 
Logan is an awe inspiring kid. 
was able to make a healthy lunch 
my beautiful house 
being able to make my own schedule during the day: going to the gym or the farm park 
kenny sheppard 
have a very understanding boss. 
My husband...he is such a helper, a great listener, and makes me laugh. 
Nana because she's been there for me my whole life and proceeds to be no matter what. 
To have a job 
My husband is always there even when we argue constantly. 
SUN WAS SHINING 
finished the Chapter 4 exercises in College Accounting. 
Awesome time with friends this weekend. 
My steady job and good income, with flexibility and great benefits. 
my work. 
my day off work 
Car 
Laptop-communication with people I know that I can't normally keep in touch with... 
My co-workers make me laugh.. 
family health 
My alarm timer makes a fun new sound 
My Birthday Song: For my recent birthday (which was an outside karaoke party), I sang a particularly moving song called "If You Ever Have Forever In Mind" in tribute to my mother, who died last year around the time I learned the song. 
created a group yesterday to help us encourage each other in our fitness quests. 
John's appointment at the cardiologist went much better than expected. 
My friendships that have been intact for >20 years, knowing who I can count on when things are rough. 
The roof over my head and my children. 
Grateful for a man that cooks 
my friend Suzanne because she has made my life a little easier for being an ear when I need to complain. 
I completed a work shift without feeling overwhelmed and tired. 
Jay taking the kids to school so I can get my mornings off to a productive start. 
Had some work to do, but not too much 
Jim 
did reasonably well on the phone interview today. 
friendsfamilyCorey who is my boyfriend 
Seeing my beautiful children in the morning 
was grateful to get to spend the entire day with my family. 
I had a great and easy flowing workshop. 
the ability to watch my boys grow into young men. 
Drew Scully 
my mom for having me and taking care of me in my younger years 
My husband didn't wake me up when he got up. 
Healthy family members 
we made it on time to james court this morning 
my husband of 25+ years. 
Lisa P. gave Marc and me tickets to see Keith Urban and she made a funny presentation to surprise him 
we have a place to live 
Messages from family on facebook 
I get to spend more time with my Savannah. 
Grateful I could stay home with my sick kids. 
my boots 
My best friend Annie. 
To have a job. 
Work is often one of my biggest stressors. 
My mother, she is amazingly supportive and strong. 
A number of people stopped by the table today and even though most were "regulars" they were appreciative and enthusiastic. 
my mother who provides and loves for me endlessly. 
My Doc Martin combat boots. 
- my mother, my husband who is the calmest person I know.... 
All of Heavens' help 
my daughter 
My essential oils came in the mail 
Grateful for my children 
a roof over my head. 
Bailey is settled into her dorm room at college, and that it seems she has trustworthy room mates. 
My puppy's reaction when I come from work. 
We have moved into our house. 
My husband, Vince. 
the amazing food my family makes for me 
my friend Princess George because she grounds me and supports whenever I need her. 
Anna made some yummy bean dip with green onions and cheese and taco spices... 
My oldest daughter started her clinical rotation today,I was so proud 
Meeting my ex because without him I would not have my beautiful little girl Madison! 
laptop computer 
my friends texted me, 
Meeting a new panelist for the show who has great ideas and energy 
Joe - who some time talking with me and helping put things in perspective. 
My Dad, He taught me love. 
A Facebook friend of mine sent me a couple funny cat photos that made me smile. 
so happy for my life with sandy in this town, our beautiful walks and nature here is so lovely. 
Credits for an online gameRelieved that I could play moreI am happy I got some more time to "chill"! 
had time to prepare for classes and get supplies. 
my fiance cooks dinner sometimes. 
my husband made me breakfast and lunch today to take to work. 
1. 
a home 
Chris walked with me to 7/11 so I didn't end up going alone. 
the ability to stay in my apartment and enjoy it . 
did a clients color and made it darker for her for cheap cuz I like her 
Diane - because even though I am not her daughter she treats me like one. 
Alex because we are on this journey together. 
my husband that understands how I can be moody and emotional sometimes. 
I have a comfortable roof over my head. 
my brothers 
I got to spend time with a dear friend 
a husband who relly cares for me and tells me he loves me every morning 
my sister Jessica because she makes me happy and she is always there for me. 
all the people in my life. 
so grateful to have a beautiful grand daughter. 
1. 
air force ones 
my garden has lots of plants starting to grow. 
Bonnaroo TicketHad good experiences in the past - great music, great friends. 
Waking up this morning 
my little girl, because she has always been a beacon of light when I am down. 
air conditioner- stay cool 
PS3, apartment, bicycle 
clothes 
the love & support that Skip is giving me. 
Correr en la mañana con tranquilidad 
Yolanda estuvo platicando conmigo y me tranquilizó mucho acerca de mi decisión de estar mas tiempo con Abby 
El sábado al despertarme después de la gran pelea con mi hermano quería tirarme al drama y hacerme daño, pero me levante y corrí 5 km despacio pero disfrute cada kilometro 
La reunion del laboratorio fue tranquila, presentaron muy bien y nos reímos 
Dr. Houston- 
My husband came home from work early. 
so grateful to be able to work at home with my kids nearby. 
Rhett my dog. 
my mother. 
new clothes- relieved i had something new to wear 
my children got up and got themselves dressed this morning. 
made a delicious and healthy dinner and got to share it with the people I love most in this world. 
The relationship with my ex-husband was nauseating and toxic at a minimum. 
My husband always makes me laugh and makes me feel loved. 
The first thing I am thankful for today was listening to a good book on my commute home after work. 
My wonderful friends. 
kindle- excitement. 
spending all day with my kids 
Theresa because she cares about my feelings 
Started my new job yesterday coming from a job where I got screwed, put down and so did my coworkers and I didn't get paid for 2 weeks of work. 
presents for my family and friends and strangers, toys and treats for my pets, clothes for me probably 
Jeff Bush. 
Getting a chore done without interruption was gratifying. 
have a job that pays well and I am proud to have it 
Earl & I are getting along 
The first thing that I am grateful for is having a home. 
having loving parents who accept my life, even its differences. 
Joe picked Corbin up at school. 
Samantha got dressed and ready for school on time. 
both my daughters because they have manners, respect and do not hold my mistakes against me. 
my daughter Ashli seeing her grow in to a great adult> 
My car gets me to and from work. 
was spending time with my daughter and her family. 
my pets. 
to be working for myself and that I own my own business. 
having amazing bosses to work for. 
haven't had to look for work for over a year and a half now. 
Nice neighbors 
Fun and easy communication with Michelle. 
My husband fixed our sink and put in a really cool new faucet. 
being on the program. 
handling being my husband's full time care giver. 
Trying to be the best person that I can. 
Neighbor helped weed the yard. 
Lauren's friendship 
Bailey got a green bucket 
my daughter and my son. 
chickens 
already 
my daughters Grace and Rosa! 
My daughters behavior 
Having a job 
my son. 
my parents because they are supportive of what I want to do in life. 
New sneakers - The moment I saw these sneakers I felt like I had to have them. 
Raven has always been there for me make me laughVictor make me feel safe and cares so much for meMy dog Lola and Charlie and my bird StanleySchool I love love learningmy home is safe and peacefulthe horses on the corner, I love to visit. 
First thing I am thankful for I am able to charge all of my electronic gadgets right here by my computer. 
This happened long ago: oldest daughter was having a tantrum in grocery store, calmly took her out of full cart of groceries and carried her to car, then drove home. 
I can live under the same roof as my daughter. 
My sister 
Art supplies 
one 
Being invited to carve pumpkins 
1. 
Don, waking up to him every morning, how strong he is, how safe I feel when I'm with him. 
It's nice to have a daughter that looks up to me and wants very much to be like me. 
Maka getting her white belt in Tae Kwon Do 
My daughter being in recovery. 
Rick - for his unconditional love for me and my family, for putting up with my mood swings, for taking everything in stride and always being calm. 
the friends that helped me through a challenging situation today. 
Ashley, because we are a lot alike. 
My husband, because I know he loves me. he does little things to make me smile, like the first flower of the spring (even if it's a dandelion), the first leaf in autumn, he calls me outside to look at the moon, or a star, or the clouds. 
Grateful for the house I live in 
My Father. 
my son, and getting to work together to build his theatre arts prop 
my husband and family 
Kimberly offered me a ride to the health center and encouraged me to take care of myself because I am sick. 
Jeffrey. a great dog with a beautiful disposition. 
greatfull my wife stand by me. 
I have a job. 
Chunky Monkey Ice Cream. 
my husband Larry because he loves me unconditionally no matter what. 
Patrick because even though we argue sometimes, he always finds a way to build me up. 
incredibly grateful for my robotics student leaders. 
The bookkeeper at work has gone to great lengths to help me obtain the materials I need to teach the new class I have this year. 
not having a reliable vehicle. 
The little girl woke up easily this morning. 
Angie and that she woke me up this morning to go surfing. 
1. 
Talked to mom and Derek and laughed.2. 
My body is healthy and free of limitations. 
my grandmother because she taught me so much about life, and she lived during the Great Depression, and she wanted so little in her life. 
Maya - She's been patient while I grow, where others have shoved me aside. 
My daughter, she just had my first grandchild and wants me to be part of their lives 
My honey knows I have been putting in long hours at work so he made dinner 
mom she has giving me more love and support than I could ever repay 
most people I work with are nice 
Today I am grateful to have my daughters and husband. 
Chores done. 
Cell Phone 
My son gave me no argument about putting his clothes away & did it on the first time being asked 
Luci, my daughter, because she is my everything. 
David has a good job. 
my friends and family on FB across the world, especially for Nahuel's willingness to show Z a nice time in BsAs this xmas season. 
haven't bought anything but a pair of shoes that I needed for work. 
Julia wants me in trauma supervision. 
I have a wonderful husband to curl up next to every night. 
a dock over the pond where we do yoga 
Notice that we are working saturday for overtime 
don't have money to buy new things for myself...closest I get that I do feel guilty about would be a half gallon of ice cream.. 
Grateful for sunshine after the rain so I could hang out clothes to get that fresh scent. 
my father because he has helped me through this struggle financially and emotionally. 
My mother. 
Friends who listen. 
a place to live 
Car made me feel like we were really starting over. 
Geordie - he is the most loving, generous, fun and stable husband anyone could have wished for. 
Happy to have a roof over my head... 
few friends, my mom, 
have wonderful sons that love their mother. 
My husband has a good, reliable job -- something we worried about when he was downsized right when the economy tanked. 
Flexibility to sleep in during the day. 
my cousin Joseph because he encourages me to continue ASL and takes me to lunch at the very least once a month. 
Having my daughter with me after going through a trying time. 
1. 
waking up to my dogs giving me kisses 
spoke to my mom for a very long time over the phone yesterday and I'm grateful for that. 
A New French Connection PurseI purchased this $100 purse to use everyday, and in one and half weeks I've already dirtied it up and misused it multiple times. 
My husband cuts apples for me to eat every day! 
New Car- I suppose I would have to ask myself why didnt I take better care of my care... clean it more... check the fluids more... things like this to have shown what it meant to me!! 
very grateful for my wonderful friends and family. 
Talked to my brother today and had a decent conversation 
I have a house for my family that is not going to be taken away from us. 
i have a house 
Denise is my friend and was able to go out. 
my team. 
Coming home to my husband 
My mom because she has always been there for me. 
Elise's family was happy with me 
Shaina because she can always make me smile. 
I have clean cold water to drink. 
Today I was greatful for my family being alive. 
my son loves me unconditionally 
Had Brandon rewrite his sentences for his homework. 
John and I had a date today. 
and grateful that I was able to spend time "at home" with friends, when I was beginning to feel the weight of Mom's loss and being without a home. 
the three-day home inspection course I just completed this weekend. 
Being able to get away from all of the, err, 'jerks' at school. 
God, I start my day with him and that makes me start my morning positive calm and feeling in control 
Karen 
Finnegan's sweet demeanor. 
my fantastic advisor, who listens to me, and gives fantastic advice right when I need it! 
my children being healthy. 
George Baker 
Sammy had a good day at school. 
to have my beloved husband home with me . 
My husband is getting the camper ready for us to take a trip together. 
how silly and witty my kids are. 
Good friends who care 
My husband is a gentle soul 
my husband 
That my husband is back safely from Saudi! 
My family is healthy, I have good kids and a helpful nice husband 
Clean J 
Debbie told me that every day is a special day with me as we count down the day of my promotion. 
I have a loving family. 
bills this week 
Caitlin finished cleaning Grandma's house. 
my family Spendng time with my daughter and her dog sharing time remembering when her and son growing up 
beautiful fall days 
health 
a secure place to live, but I am terrified because I've gotten used to it and it is going to end. 
Leonard, because he is always checking on me to make sure i am ok 
joyce good friend coworker 
my children 
I have a roof over my head. 
My great husband 
Seeing Patrick 
my children, they are active and full of life. 
my children doing well in school 
Learning new creative skills and adding new knowledge. 
My father - he stood by me, when my mother was silent.My daughters - for hugging me and kissing meMy sister - for listening to meMy friend Ulica - for being there 
mom and dad 
Sharon for her love and support anytime I need it. 
I can still see and hear. 
my mom 
Owen today. 
My mom's illness getting worse. 
currently living with dad and his wife - im grateful for comfort in the home, security. 
my parents, especially my mom. 
My coworkers daily push me to strive for better, even though sometimes I feel jealous towards, their success, inwardly I know I am capable of the same thing. 
Boss came to discuss benefits changesNo one makes me feel guilty about time offMade progress on some of my projects 
My mom. 
have a stable job in my field of study. 
my husband and my son. 
My family makes my life great. 
Mom and dad always being there for me 
having a flexibility schedule 
1. 
I have a job to support myself. 
Husband - patience, love 
Thankful that katy is safe and happy. 
so happy and grateful now that my husband cooks delicious meals for me. 
Getting up at 5:15 for an early run. 
I have a happy toddler. 
get to go to amazing places 
My mom.She gave me life. 
Went to a new dog grooming parlour and the lady stroked and petted my dog and I felt confident to have her groomed there instead of the last place that she doesnt like going to. 
music. 
Computer- happy, prideful, interested, i wanted to know how it worked! 
Ashley really appreciates my tutoring. 
my dog-walking job. 
extra clothes 
Lunch with family 
floral Topshop Dress- I was quite happy with myself and loved the style. 
smart and have the ability to think my way through problems. 
my friends (& family) who make an extra to check in with me - especially when they know I need extra attention, love, encouragement... 
Julie for flowersElin daughterOwain son 
Snuggling with Thomas at bed time and testing him on maths questions he needs to learn off by heart 
Mie og Tine kom ind da jeg sad og kedede mig, og vi grinede og spiste kage 
was able to spend an entire evening playing with Mason, no interuptions at all. 
had a great time walking with my students during P.E. 
I have beautiful home that is spacious and nicely decorated. 
getting out early 
Don't have to worry about my son. 
try to cherish what I have 
my lovely home and where i live. 
Working with smart people 
Maxine is a healthy, happy kid. 
Q. m. 
tim obrien,hes kind,happy he lives to make me happy.I love the way he smiles and he will do just about anything with me except shop 
my cat Hitch- this lil fella found me on the weekend before new years eve last year...nine months of cat-mama heaven, its wonderful to have him around me and he is just a purrmonster of love 
dont have to worry about my ex-fiance's BS - its been 10 years since we broke up and im happy 
ipad - i wanted one for some time and I was excited to play with it and explore. 
Baking equipment - cupcake pans, decorating toolsThey made me happy because i was going to start my own cupcake business. 
my boss is nice 
loved getting hugs from the kids, and when they tell me that they love me! 
my fiance Johnnie because he is the most amazing person I have ever met in my life, and no matter how blue or down I am feeling, he always has a way of making me smile. 
Iphone 
My son is being absolutely wonderful. 
1. 
Angela always makes time for me, and we have been able to sustain a happy friendship for more than four years now. 
Being alive and waking up breathing everyday. 
Reed because he loves me and lets me be myself. 
Own my own little house so no rent or mortgage payment 
My Husband 
My home 
having a job 
Kevin is so helpful and cleaned my kitchen, did my dishes, and took the trash out. 
today that I was able to wake up and walk the beach with my Dog Captain, who is healing incredibly well from an amputation and is very joyful and teaches me how to live. 
my daughter brought home a big container of spring water to drink. 
The wonderful love that my children give to me first thing in the morning. 
Concert Dress - it's easy to not appreciate it every day because it isn't an everyday usable type of item. 
We made it to David's work on time and safe this morning. 
my family I have a wonderful son and daughter along with son in law n fianccee but best are nora and alaina 
I have a nice place for my children and I to live in. 
All my children being healthy. 
1. 
finished packing up the office a big job that took all week. 
Jared, he is always supporting me and loves me no matter what. 
my daughter taking time to take me to a dr appt, when she is so busy, and not feeling good 
Was able to get some things done with no interruptions 
soo grateful for Jen! God put her in my life for a reason and at just the right time. 
the pool got cleaned 
Woke up this morning realizing this was the 7 year anniversary of my Dad passing away and I was ok with it for the first year. 
I have a job 
Ability to work alone and at my own pace 
My husband loves and supports me unconditionally. 
Mint Necklace - I spent a lot of time tooling through Joss & Main and loved all the jewelry. 
my dogs are really happy to see me when I get home. 
andrew 
a loving husband 
my son is doing better in school and that my daughter is happy now. 
nails done.... felt really good about myself. 
CONCERT SHWAG - After buying the t-shirt and posters I felt great. 
really think I would be okay 
My car- I have always wanted a BMW and thought I could never afford one. 
my bmw, i lost interest with my job loss+the payments i need to make to keep it. 
always grateful for my kids. 
my healthy, beautiful, smart, and loving children. 
my friend tommie 
to be learning from an amazing leader my principal. 
was able to buy gas for someone I didn't know, but felt needed the help 
Had a great brunch with Sean and ate my favorite dish, fried french toast. 
My family 
Good samaritans 
Chris. 
1. 
We didn't have to build that fence to keep the homeowners insurance. 
still have a job 
Having to work with parents as I have changed careers 
My husbad, he makes me food and makes calls for me that i don't want to deal with 
my clients and their ability to grow. 
I did not have to cook dinner tonight. 
Getting to watch Survivor 
My husband for his unyielding love,support,loyalty,friendship,understanding and patience 
Finished the dishes 
my health. 
my husband. 
Lamia Karim because she is helping me excel at school. 
Transparency with my friends, Godly faith and accountability 
was able to eat today 
Grateful for my daughter, who turns 16 today. 
My life 
My sister told me how proud she is of me 
1. 
God brought Gerry into our lives as she made my fathers last years so much better than had been the three years prior. 
Thankful for a boyfriend who supports my music career/dreams. 
Singing with mom at choir practice 
the home I own and live in. 
I saw two hummingbirds 
Alexa, because no matter how hard her life is, she always appreciates her friends & makes time for them. 
Oliver. 
Isaac because he really does try 
I have a job and my friends that help me with transportation. 
having co-workers who really do care about their job and the kids. 
Today I'm not worrying about the homework assignments I had in college that stressed me out and kept me up all night. 
WAS ABLE TO GET THINGS FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER. 
Grateful for my clients, grateful for my manager, and I am grateful for making people feel better about themselves. 
I have been able to stay at home to raise our children. 
my husband because he is very forgiving, loving, and trusting. 
the job that I have, that the Lord has provided for me. 
soo grateful to have my two children. 
Was thankful to talk to a good friend on the phone. 
my class was cancelled this morning, giving me a mid-week day off to relax. 
My son Jackie. 
living at home with my parents. 
felt better this evening 
my husband who puts up with my moods and illness. 
I am wiling to grow and work on myself. 
People willing to help nurture my daughter 
enjoying swimming and lunch with dad today 
Maxine used the pee pad. 
Time alone to paint uninterrupted 
the new girl at work, I think we will get along. 
the opportunity of being a Mother. 
John. 
my babies, they mean the world to me!! 
I can rest and relax today. 
graduated from college with 2 degrees and with honors 
a fiance who takes care of getting the dogs outside and feeding them in the morning. 
I completed lesson one quiz for class. 
Took care of a Friends Horses & House while they were out of town 
my mom because she's taught me everything I need to know to grow up into a strong, independent person. 
my friend liked the homemade soup I gave them. 
My husbnd. 
Mom, Cat, Friends 
my husband and my daughter, both extremely thoughtful and loving people. 
Interactive and Transparent Home Fellowship 
Buying clothes for myself and my kids 
my husband, my son, and my family. 
can do my work without interruptions 
havent bought me anything besides food, too broke to 
met up with my cousin Ayla 
Finding a place to park 
Had a blast playing while giving Issie her bath! 
ayush :) Because u made me realise what love is. the most important thing in the world. 
visited my friend who is an amazing strong woman and inspires me. 
Exams 
Tomorrow is girls night 
New carpet upstairs 
1. 
my sister is looking after my children so I can get on with work 
evening dress - felt nothing when i bought the dress. 
sarah. 
Ég er þakklát fyrir að eiga heilbrigð börn. 
feel very thankful for my parents , they are always very supportive in my ups and downs . 
could get enough sleep today 
Being able to afford a house-cleaner to help me get the work accomplished each day 
My moleskine book. 
I have my children. 
Ray Fields - my husband is my rock. 
My wife, Louise, takes care of all my home needs. 
Ann Walters -- helping to grown my teaching practice in Austin. 
My Car. 
Value I bring to the BR team 
my kids 
Alex and I had a really good talk about pushing forward with positive thinking and good energy and making a commitment to happiness 
my daughter is getting married and I'm involved in the process of helping with her reception. 
Emma sent me a birthday card with the lyrics from my favorite girl scout song! 
officially on fall break now from classes, so I dont have the stress of going to class for a few days. 
got a birthday card from an old friend who lives far away and inside, she wrote down the lyrics to my favorite camp song from when we were kids! 
got an A on my anatomy test! 
My residents, that they are always willing to help others and have created a family in Unitas! 
Eli ended up going to school after lunch. 
N/A 
Call from a friend 
the cool weather that helps me study better. 
don't have to worry about anything. 
got up 
Arildo. 
my mom 
recursos 
coffee 
we have enough money to pay our bills without worrying about scraping by. 
my mother because she does not give up on me even when I am big headed. 
Samuel. 
We went to this new costumer and closed a big deal. 
a supportive partner who helps me come up with solutions to the things that stress me. 
my mom and dad, they love me even though i'm a failure. 
People like me when I help them solve problems. 
Loves Ones 
1. 
Took my son to his soccer game 
The way my dogs greet me and show unconditional love 
love 
getting more hours at my job and being a part of a great team that supports each other 
Weather was beautiful outside and when I went out the mosquitos were not out for some reason. 
Mary is loyal and loving. 
Hearing from Michelle 
My sister posted a mega funny youtube video, and tagged me in it. 
chari because she listed to me and making me come here. 
my daughter. 
Thankful for my warm, friendly, funny, smart husband. 
Babygirl's laughter 
Work is not difficult. 
1. 
1. 
Pretend shop: Bought a new used car. 
my mom was kind enough to pick up my shoes today so I can return 1 pair tomorrow when we are out together. 
Mum because she always understands without judging 
loving people in my lifemy job I don't go toomy house I don't take care of 
have a great house 
could play with both my cats yesterday. 
My daughter...she teaches me everyday. 
My Mum loves me and is helping me through college. 
My Life 
Roxanne. 
nothing 
my mom,she's alway's there when i need her. 
all the bills are paid i would be ok 
my loving fiancé. 
My wife. 
Today my friend Ashley sent me a message, out of the blue, informing me of how she admires my strength and she will always be there for me. 
Was able to get through the day without becoming too emotional 
my lovely & supportive family - spoke to my father after a tough day. 
my husband and the endless amount of patience he shows to me. 
Heather texted me something funny. 
My best friend. 
Kelly Barrett reminding me in a faceb tag of how musically awesome and tasteful we were, even way back when. 
just escaped from my first relationship. 
Marianne is one of the most generous people I know. 
didn't go to work today. 
my parents are always here to support me. 
Khang - because after such a long time, I can actually feel that there is someone who care and wanna make sure i'm okay 
Finished shooting video assignment 
Nice boss.. 
the physical environment 
my home. 
My sister. 
1. 
Karen because she accepts me the way I am and pushes me to be the best me. 
Grateful that I've already started keeping a gratitude list, so it's easier now than it was a few weeks ago to come up with ideas. 
Grateful for having a warm, comfortable house to come home to at the end of a long day. 
My friend visited me and spent time with me.She encouraged me that i have come a long way and that i should keep chugging along. 
my mother, shes supported me all this time as a good parent and a good friend, greatful for my siblings i love them were always together, im grateful for my friend david who has always been there to listen to me and guide me. 
MT 
Got the hoovering done 
We sold our car so now we are slightly financially better off. 
to still be alive 
God because everything I have good is from Him and the bad choices I have made are tearing me apart, but He listens and He hears the words of the oppressed and responds with love. 
My family: Becasue they have been my backbone & have always been my port in any storm life has for me. 
family 
to my loved one for all of his patience,tolerance,for ways he deals with my shit,for forgiving me,for giving me so many chances,for still being here,in my life,showing me that he cares,that he wants me to be part of his life..i am grateful just for knowing he exists :) 
My health 
Yesterday, I got a lot done at the church. 
The effort my wife puts in the home issues 
.......^,...... 
I cleaned most of the house yesterday. 
IMAGINE, I M LIVING IN A GOOD MY OWN THANKS TO GOD 
she is my dream ever......which i achieved...now we are happy 
GRATEFUL TO SEE MY LITTLE ANGEL PLAYING & HAPPY... 
Sarah Huggins, she's been the most inspiring human being in my life. 
my dogs are adorable and come bounding at me joyfully every time I walk into the house. 
flat screen tv we got it for xmas. 
I spoke with my neighbor about the noises I hear coming from upstairs. 
my husband and daughter as they have great personalities. 
my two children who are the are the light in my life. 
Time 
The peace and quiet I get throughout the day. 
laughed with a friend 
my sons im deeply grateful for having been bless with two gorgeous sons, they mean more to me than anything 
Time off work 
my husband brought me coffee in bed this AM 
Having a nice dinner with my family. 
Roxanna 
Maddy bought me a cookie. 
my sister. 
to have awoken this morning with a loving little three year old by my side. 
to have a Father who pushes me to succeed and who pushed me to value my skills and dreams; he helps me move on to the next level. 
Today I managed to cook a lovely dinner for my family 
Mother coming here to help me 
Carl, he has always been there for me and he makes me laugh. 
my husband 
talking with craig. 
My cousin called me to wish me a happy birthday and it is really nice to know that she is supportive about my move to new York and is willing to help me out and listen to me when I'm upset and frustrated about the move. 
Cell phone: i felt it was a good model..i liked its color.but 
1. 
Pair of shoesNeeded to buy those for quite some time - was happy that i finally had shoes for the rainy season. 
talk about situation to peer 
Jesus because when no one else is around, his presence is still with me. 
the connections I have with people. 
My expensive suit. 
have a good boss that listens and supports me all the way. 
The first thing Im greatful for is that my mum is understanding even when I am not in the best mood she is alaways there to help me and hold me 
Very thankful for my kids making me laugh out loud. 
My mum, as she is always there to cheer me up, and tell me the truth. 
Taylor for being such a good and supportive friend- the true definition of what a friend is supposed to be. and i've only known her for 2 weeks. 
dress - the color of the dress i liked it most and i wore that kind of dress in my childhood.. ... i am so happy i got it 
Sylvia - strong woman, in touch with vulnerable side, not turned cynical, loving, kind 
Warmth - wood stove, safety, shelter, retreat, music 
my health 
my best friend who is supportive all the time no matter how rude i had been to him 
greatly I was able to go to the market and get fresh fruits and vegetables and make the money stretch 
Waking up washing clothes 
cleared my bedroom out today, giving me a clear space and a better feel. 
He has an infectious love about him. 
new underwearit was good to feel free and pretty for a change to let that old stuff go that I felt horrible wearing 
No.1) I almost lost my mum 3 weeks ago when her gallbladder burst suddenly so I am seriously grateful for having her not only alive - but well. 
He called me first. 
got things sorted first thing with out any hassle. 
to Deb for deciding to take the day off! 
My socks.. Sad but true I love quirky socks. 
I have the ability to cook! 
Eating, I'm going to take my time to just enjoy my meal not stress over stuffing it in so I can get back to work. 
The fact that even though I ended up in bed all day with food poisoning that my Beloved stayed with me for most of it to make sure I was okay. 
Snuggles from the puddies. 
My iphone 
New to my life is a coworker who is a woman and also someone I find intellectually challenging. 
Jeremy, I am grateful that no matter what I'm going thru, he is always here for me. 
the roof over my head, it may be a cramped run down dorm room, but its warm, dry and safe. 
my daughter and my son and my adopted daughter and her husband an their child my friend jeri and her family and friends jake kim and dee dee kristen 
I spoke with my boyfriend, Will, today. 
really enjoyed this activity! 
3 stressful events that I've handled well:1. 
ballet flats (yellow ) waited for them for six months , but i havent worn them or given them a second look since they are in my shoe rack , but if they are not with me anymore i might feel robbed 
Sudhir - For being who he is and for being tolerant of me. 
my husband, he's always there for me. 
Greg because he is a good person 
The dinner that my mum cooks every night 
Mother - she has been through a lot in her life and would be there for me if I actually ever really needed it 
My family standing strongly b y me through thick and thin. 
survived a very stressful week. 
comfortable at my place. 
Bonnie Agan. 
answered twice at the meeting today. 
my mom and my cat chaos iam grateful for being alive and that i wake uo ever morning 
One on my colleague at work gave me a hug and said things will get better, so did my manager. 
computer 
Ali 
the TRA press conference went well 
Time with my cats. 
L 
Dima because he loves me and gives me support and will be always my friend 
a sunny day 
My boyfriend. 
Seeing my daughter ....little Aanya ..soFull of happiness 
God. Family. 
my infinityfx35 grateful and priviledged that i was able to purchase such a beauitful vehicle 
my daughter 
having time alone for the first time in months 
my parents, though they don't always understand everything i do, they are always there being supportive and advising me. 
My friends and I had a late night partying and I shared a mattress with my guy friend. 
GRACIAS por Estar finalmente juntos 
the roof didn't leak with all the rain 
accompanied my mom while shopping and bought her some things she needed. 
my friend, Becca, who laughs at my jokes, doesn't judge me, who understands me, and who always roots for me to be happy and succeed. 
Seeing the potential in self reflection, ready to move forward for me instead of everyone else first 
My home I have warmth and sustenance and even another one. 
so thankful for my little sis Bri - we laugh so much together. 
My classmate has helped me a lot into teaching about topics subjects that i was less skilled at. 
Flexibility of how I manage my time. 
My mum, cause she's always by side all the Time That i need are she's there. 
My children, they are genuine and constant. 
My partner because he never gives up on me even as flawless as i am 
My cousin Meghan. 
Iam eternaly grateful for my son Jed,he is the reason I want to become a happier person,he deserves to have the best dad he can have.I have always put him first and although I only see him at weekends I need to smile more with him and let him know im happy. 
to have this family because they are always very supportive of me, no matter what i want to achieve in life. 
1. 
1. 
my friend Aaron who always makes me smile. 
Gavin, he is my world, very fortunate he is a great kid. 
How beautifully Max is developing. 
My car. 
Grateful for:1. 
1. 
the fact we are all healthy in my primer family (husband,daughter and me). 
Deep Bali: Am grateful to the universe for having him in my life as he is a good guide and good companion. 
"TODAY". 
Getting a call from my closest friend in the afternoon. 
Hanu clearing the pending payments from his personal funds 
My relationship with Hanu: No longer stress about him turning indifferent. 
My mother...she is a very strong woman and has seen many ups and downs in life but has never given up. 
Living in this beautiful home with a husband I love and co-creating this life together. 
The weather is cool; no need for an air conditioner 
would be so ecstatic to have my new house. 
Getting some fresh air and having a few minutes to relax while walking kiddo 
the life hes given me and the children he has blessed me with! 
yesterday i wrote cards to many friends and family. 
All the friends who spoke to me today: Nat, Xinling, Andrea. 
My mom puts in all efforts to wake up early no matter what just to prepare breakfast for everyone so that we all are geared up for the day. 
Trailer-- escape potential 
getting my first brand new car, made me feel happy cause it was something i really wanted and to be accepted for the finance felt good. 
Bill entering my life and though it has been a cause of uncertainty, I can't imagine him not being around. 
Lydia, she makes me laugh and makes me feel that some of my troubles are smaller than what i think. 
have the strong support of my colleagues. 
Lots of people bothered to 'like' my status update on Facebook 
during this government hold, I am still able to work and actually be paid for it unlike many others in my field of work. 
Rebecca encouraged me in my writing. 
could reach out to my friends and they were there 
Very grateful for my Dad, who when I was in the midst of a total mental breakdown, flew up to NYC on a moment's notice and stayed with me for a week, catering everything he did for me. 
i have a computer with wifi that i don't have to share with anyone. 
side sling bag was looking for something like that for a long time .when 
0 
my mother. 
I have a family that is loving and supportive of me 
Miracles 
big officebest view in the floorfast computerbig screentemperature ok 
breaking up, because I knew I had to suffer so nothing comes back into mind in the future 
my parents undying affection and support of my needs throughout my education and my life. 
coming home from Manchester to my wonderful husband with dinner ready for me. 
my husband who, despite my shortcomings, loves and accepts me and wants me to be myself. 
have some really fresh lean skirt steaks marinating in the kitchen. 
waking up next and seeing my beautiful two year old daughter curled up next to her daddy....so much love. 
Someone I didn't know offered to help me. 
when dan remembered about my interview and asked how i feltfeeling at ease with sophie and alex 
Alien shirt 
HAVE KIDS 
Courtney wanting to skype 
Being able to spend time with my family. 
new golf clubs... thought if I bought them I would get back into golf, haven't even used them 
Wonderful mother, a phone call to make sure im ok and say goodbye before she embarks on her journey 
Very grateful for my friends - there are three that come to mind immediately. 
all that I have - my apartment and all my possessions that I love.....pictures, furniture, etc. 
Grateful for a sunny day - it always makes me feel happy when the sun is out and the sky is blue. 
have very good friends on whom I can count and spend time with for fun. 
Grateful for my beautiful daughter - her love of life and her passion for learning. 
BrownieI already had a meal to eat and only bought the brownie because I seen cops at the shop and just wanted to be nosy. 
the fact that my mom bought pie 
their untiring support for me 
Elliott for surprising me everyday by still being there for me even though i'm crazy sometimes. 
A sleeping mask from online. 
I don't feel threatened by bill collectors right now. 
Kaela and Maddy for being my close friends this year. 
My friend gave me money for cigs 
being healthy 
1. 
2 books by Alex Grey: make me happy because he studies and explores the fundamentals of life and humanity..as I do and aspire to. 
Bday card from distant family. 
i was able to get the children to school on time. 
Lance, he makes me happier. 
the job/career that I have now and through all of it discovered that it always works out one way or another. 
clothes 
was grateful to receive insight on the complexity of the earths environment and the amazing level of its interdependency convincing me even more of the design of a creatorI 
The first thing I am grateful for is that I have an opportunity from God to change my life. 
know that when I carry Jesus in my heart I am able to open my mind and heart again. 
Having a hot meal at night 
I know there are so many friends and families LOVING me so much... 
my handsome husband, who takes such good care of me. 
my fiance Jack for always being there for me and listening to me both when I am happy and sad! 
I have two jobs and that having them enables me to be able to pay my bills and take care of most of my needs. 
made myself play keyboard. 
Art supplies. 
Gabe. 
People at work are helpful 
extremely great full for my family and how they support me, they make my life so much better and i couldn't succeed with out them 
find this hard to do. 
My mom - who always loves me 
My sister got me a pair of beautiful earrings that was sort of surprise and made me feel good but the way she takes care of me makes me feel really good.I am grateful for such a sister. 
I was able to get off work so Dylan and I can go hiking in the mountains tomorrow. 
so thankful for a loving husband who comes home in a great mood everyday. 
The old xbox I bought symbolizes how lonely and I was and desperate to keep my main friend so we would have things to do together. 
to have a family to come home to that loves me. 
My children 
commuting ...now I drive to work 
Pete because he makes me feel very happy and he is patient with me even when I am being hard work and unpleasant to be around. 
pete 
My dogs and my new puppies :)They are gorgeous and bring so much joy, such a gift, i am very grateful they are a part of my life! 
Cardigan and top from the charity shop - I was surprised to find that green suited me (the cardigan) although it was a little tight. 
life 
going on a walk 
my mate, he always listens when i need someone to talk to and always makes a stressful situation seem a little lighter. 
My dad 
My dad bought me my favourite snacks (tutu kuehs) without me asking for them. 
Graham took a great nap and woke up so happy! 
dad came round, I manged to bake and jmes had the afternoon off and I was well enough to go out and speak to grnd ma 
breakfast 
my fiancé who is always here for me and has provided me with everything I need. 
My first MP3 player! 
The first thing that I am grateful for at home is that the roaches and much less now that they have been taken care of. 
no longer have to worry about my brother and sister not only bothering me all the time, but not purposefully trying to irritate me. 
My camera. 
The first good thing that has happened today was getting to spend some time talking with my husband-to-be just before he left for work. 
My husband makes my life great. 
have friends that like me in many ways where it is difficult to do something wrong and easy to do things well :) 
My cute daughter. 
Troy Randolph. 
Mom, Love 
My Mom! 
my daughter Rheana for bringing challenge into my life, offering opportunities to practice unconditional love, for my daughter Raelyn for bringing joy to my life, and for my daughter Ryan for bringing peace to my life. 
The first thing that comes to mind is my home. 
my loving and considerate wife who is extremely patient with me. 
ipod, radio, tv 
My baby. 
Will and the way he is kind and helpful at home 
my family, and specially my boyfriend, he has been a great support system for me. 
The freedom to be me, most of the time. 
Bad relationship is over - but I hate that he's happy with someone else. 
Being included in my significant other's family and friends. 
my best friend, Lindsay. 
My map-I love it 
my husband Jonathan allowing me to choose which cat to adopt without imposing his restrictions on me. 
I have a husband that really tries to make me happy. 
off wok today and I caspend it as I wish. 
Hilary is home. 
he mad an effort to be more effectionit 
vacation with grandchildren 
was able to be with my loving family. 
Mom won money, unfortunately anything good always has the negative first in it as well. 
My family being healthy 
We got ready in the morning smoothly. 
a picture 
Food 
husband makes breakfast 
E-mails to committee went out 
my parents. 
was grateful for my shorter commute to work this morning and get to talk to my Mom on the way! 
computer 
Overcoming Overeating book:I felt happy and relieved when I bought this because I felt I was finally able to sort out my eating problems. 
able to complete my work in peace, in the comfort of my bedroom 
Having a roof over my head. 
Grateful that I got to leave mid day. 
I have a family and I was able to meet them for dinner on my brothers birthday 
my safe home hamdiallah 
l 
1. 
very grateful for the fact that I'm able to have the chance to overcome personal obstacles that I'm facing right now with the help of my family and friends. 
Tv 
my house were robbed and these items were gone I would feel angry, depressed - would likely spiral. 
gratful I have got the chance to come back to live at my moms home. 
Cathy Zhang sent me a message checking my birth status and gave me suggestions. 
I know I have some patience because of my job. 
felt really happy when Bill sent me and jack money in the mail. 
Mobile Phone Case/wallet - loved the idea of the how the phone would look with my new case - no issue if someone takes it away 
new bathing suit- loved how it made me look and feel confident 
My husband 
Took break outside with a few co-workers. 
work in a busy office where I am located amongst office equipment and department mailboxes. 
My cousin invited for a meal. 
The boys got themselves ready for school without me having to coax them! 
Charity shop find--Black high heeled boots-only £2-told everybody my good luck--now they are just my boots! 
my grandmother felt like she did something that I enjoy and helped me. 
Liz because she gives me light when I can't find my own. 
Today, I don't need to worry about having to borrow money from my parents. 
Migrating my work PC to Windows 7 - I thought that this might be a huge headache but it went off without a hitch - thanks, techs! 
1. 
Amy's love and wisdom because it makes me feel strong and powerful 
Kallaya, omdat ze ondanks altijd me blijft steunen en er altijd voor me is als ik haar nodig heb. 
the food in my house. 
Harry for being happy this morning, getting dressed nicely and eating breakfast, brushing his teeth. 
My husband making me coffee in the morning before work 
we have started fixing up the house 
evan's sense of humor and carefree nature 
my two eldest daughters came into work and met me for lunch. 
Books: I have a great desire for knowledge and I want to learn so much, but once I have the books in my possession I have a hard time either starting or finishing them. 
When my iPod manages to play 5 great songs in a row when I'm running on a treadmill. 
It's beautiful outside today! 
my mom because without all her hard work everyday we wouldn't have the roof over our head. 
My kids 
Prof Anil Gupta & Prof Girjasharan from IIM Ahmedabad. 
1. 
have a loving boyfriend who made sure to kiss me goodbye and told me he loved me this morning. 
will see Anya whom I have not properly seen since for a week now, we will eat together and watch bake off ! 
was happy and relieved to find out thatiwas was going othave a check coming to me this week so i couldpay my bils 
My wonderful girlfriends 
Got out the door to work on time and punch in right on time. 
Mrs. Jeanne. 
have a husband that works hard to provide for us. 
cleaned the bathroom. 
don't have to worry about finding a partner. 
Clive, my partner. 
Clive and the Pickles. 
Clive. 
Validated that I needed a full week of vacation even though it isn't filled with activities - taking time for me is ok. 
John - who loves me quietly and only wants the best for me, including the knowing that I deserve it. 
Always positive and always moving forward. 
Good night's sleep 
my tuition that is paid for 
having a very affectionate trusting companion. 
Seeing Sarah when I come out of work and giggling about how silly we are - together. 
got the living room cleaned 
iPod Touch 4G. 
Students were working good 
tina is always there for me and always cheers me up 
my mom. 
picked up my 60 sobriety chip. 
my mom because she is always there for me. 
I am able to be home when my daughter arrives from school. 
read a quote on pinterest that made me feel sort of "alive!" 
I bought my brand new smart car, I would be ecstatic. 
Rosie my wife. 
Having a wonderful boyfriend who looks forward to spending time with me. 
My neighbor Monica checked in on me today and is willing to take me to both doctor's appts .. 
Good healthy homemade food 
I have the best girlfriend 
some where to live. 
1. 
I can wake up an hour before going to work, because I live nearby and walk to work. 
Chris, because trying to find stuff to help him led me to the stuff that's helped me. 
my friends who love and care for me 
Having easy to talk to reasonable people I work with. 
Mobile phone 
my Mom because she has never left my side no matter what. 
none 
My wonderful and loving children and grandchildren 
Eli's courtesy and good humor. 
having someone in my life who's open to what I have to offer. 
the beautiful day 
My beautiful family 
Family 
Facebook post from Janette that made me laugh 
My friends that have helped me through depression in the past, my current girlfriend. 
My son - he's a great kid - successful in sports and school. 
Andy - supports me through life and is kind and a companion. 
had time for myself and wife this morning 
My husband was kind to me 
we are all very accepting about one another 
a wonderful supportive and responsible family. 
Scott. 
my husband has allowed me to stay home to work on my illness 
Being alive and healthy. 
my bf R. and our entire relationship--physical, emotional, financial, mental, you name it I am just so grateful that he is a part of my life. 
My husband and brother in law washed the dishes. 
something that makes my life feel great is my willingness to improve myself because I know all I need is a positive attitude to help myself in any way. 
Having a warm, comfortable and safe place 
I am so good at my work tht by end of the day i was still able to complete the task 
super grateful that Barry usually does the dishes 
vitamix--- i was super psyched and motivated to eat well. 
well 
my best friend who even i cant see everyday still manages to call and tell me how she misses me and loves me 
Holiday 
LOVE MY KITTIES! they are so cute and cuddly and loving 
my child and myself waking up today 
Health 
so blessed and happy that Brandon bought me new tires. 
Stephanie Brown, because she hears me and understands and challenges me and makes me laugh. 
Beautiful healthy children 
Tracey-Lee Benjamin- I am grateful for having her in my life because of all the support and laughter she has brought. 
Chloe spent the night (tue) 
My 3 beautiful, healthy and happy children. 
My eldest daughter got full marks on her physics test, after watching her study so hard. 
my baby sister, Phoebe. 
Gloria for her friendship , her intuition, her generosity, her laughter her dinner club and just for being her! 
A lot of Phantom of the Opera music came up on my pandora today! 
Katie M. 
very grateful for my parents whom live so close because with them I am a little less of a basket case when emergencies come up. 
My amazing and supportive boyfriend. 
don't have to worry about my horrible boss. 
to my roommate for providing me with very affordable living 
nick fixed our broken bed frame- it had become such an annoyance. 
my husband 
went to work and I stuck it through with my anxiety. 
have so many people willing to help me and who give me advice. 
A new top - beautiful embroidary. 
Being able to be an at-home mom with the freedom to teach my children so many things from math to manners and push them forward. 
My dad listened to me, and made me feel like he understood when I told him that I was left stranded at Riverport, when my car was locked. 
the nice dinner I had with Sil. 
dinner the other night, the 10 year old asked what each of us couldn't live without. 
Great colleagues 
Jane because she loves me and is a happy person 
my relationship with my children. 
I have had the strength to cook dinner every night except last. 
cashed checks and bought fresh greens at the farmer's market with no delays. 
My mom came back from Brasil and it was good to be with her 
Laptop 
Even though I'd like to dislike at times, I would always be grateful for having my mom. 
Faudly. 
ashok jalan 
First thing I am thankful for is a person, my hubby. 
The doctor had good things to say about my son Oakley and his progress. 
a warm bed with my love next to me. 
woke up and was able to shower and look presentable at work today. 
My mother. 
I own a lovely home and have been able to make it comfortable and inviting and lovely. 
Nate's tire blew out and damaged his car. 
my boyfriend, who is my constant reminder that every day is a new day. 
the fact I can call my parents at any time for advice, even though I live 4.5 hours from them. 
Maintaining my relationship. 
My parents- They are unbelievably supportive, amazing, kind, and hilarious individuals who have worked hard to raise me well. 
fun customers who enjoy my company and are happy to reward me accordingly. 
don't have to worry about having a safe space to live and work. 
We got a new washing machine today. 
had a decent amount of work to do today. 
the purple heart picked up the clothes today to donate. 
today that i am not as alone as i felt, a friend came by at the right time to comfort me and listen exactly when i needed...... 
Flexibility of schedule allowing me to get things done 
Donna's Support 
Sarah's Injury 
Donna's ongoing support 
very grateful that my mother in law stays with me and helps me do the things I want to on my professional front. 
my family and the support that they give me. 
Melissa and Mara are wonderful friends that make me feel supported and loved. 
waking up to kitty 
My education 
margret my therapist for listening 
so grateful for my family especially my mom and husband. 
my brother.. he is the best thing of my life 
When Caleb said I am pretty 
so happy to bond with friends. 
That my boss has been very understanding about my situation 
THE FIRST THING I AM GRATEFUL FOR TODAY, WAS HAVING A SUPPORTIVE PARTNER WHEN THINGS GOT TOUGH. 
i got to show my worth in the situation more clearly. 
Talya 
have an awesome husband who loves me, is faithful, and helps to keep me grounded. 
Grateful for my friends that come over on Sundays to watch football and have fun 
My car. 
Being healthy enough to clean my house 
christine 
christine 
GREATFUL for Mauricio because he has taught me so much about myself and he really is an amazing smart person im greatful he is loyal and has a good sence of humor when he want to he also has a very kind heart and lots of will power. 
had dinner with Kirsten 
I´m thankful for the wonderful lunch today with my great son that I love so much and my fiancem, my newest love. 
1. 
fearlessly taught my class and kept the kids engaged and excited about theatre. 
have an upcoming test and i completed one chapter inspite of all my negativity. 
super grateful for supportive friends to help me process through difficult decisions, and I'm thankful for the feelings of resolution and relief (however bittersweet) a tough decision can bring. 
so grateful that I'm learning to be more adaptable at work. 
so thankful that I'm in a happy and healthy relationship. 
She called up today on skype asking me for help with the ticket, as much as it is about the money, I feel that I can help her this way as we are on a distance. 
have both of my parents, alive, healthy and loving and I have plenty of uncles, aunts, cousins! 
The one thing that makes my life great? 
My laptop, when I first got it, it was great, big screen, orange cover, great speakers... it still works and I love it! 
my grandma, she had loved me unconditionally and I was her favourite grandson. 
had done the changes I needed to do and tested them with success first thing in the morning! 
have a job, have savings and a place to live. 
1. 
Myself 
my daughter. 
my wife dod luandryhad a good dinner with familywatched a really good movie 
Mom and her unconditional love and balanced and fair attitude. 
I had time after class today to just come home, enjoy a hard cider and pasta, and to watch some shows I really enjoy. 
skype and face time allowing me to stay in touch with my family back home and Tim while he's away 
I would be upset because I have bought so many games and dl so many others. 
Steve, Jarrod 
New purse - liked it but haven't used it yet. 
my wonderful parents 
have been working really hard on building my own cleaning business, and I got a referral from a client of mine. 
Awesome training 
was greeted by smiling faces 
Dad - he always works so hard to improve his and mine life; his dreams are big and he himself is a dreamer that believes in better world and life, he makes me dream high and hope for futureMum - she is always there for me, beeing so practical and hard-working, never giving up, always making me do my best, counting, making plans, keeping me on the ground 
My dad gave me some interesting books to read. 
was worried about my school exams and marks. 
The first good thing I made today was delicious lunch: potato stew. 
Thing: Computer/notebook. 
to my husband for sticking with me and helping me have a comfortable life. 
my sister listening to my problems and happenings in my life without judgement 
and thankful that i'm a live today 
shoesmade me happy cos i felt keen to show them off and feel sexy in them. 
my pets, Memphis, Gaby and Bertram. 
First grateful for even having a job period. 
Kathleen, she does love me and will do most anything to make me happy. 
Nobody at work yelled at me or got mad at me for being 15 mins past my calltime. 
1. 
We managed to turn around a conversation going bad! 
live in a nice place with comfortable surroundings. 
clothes from tj maxx - it felt really good b/c I was treating myself. 
Jacket 
my dogs 
Jodie because she is understanding. 
Day spent with family. 
kurt he understands me 
Dinner and a movie with my mom 
My future daughter in law made me dinner. 
my familys love and kindnes towards each other in the Lords love and mercy toward us 
the wonderful family that I have been blessed with. 
I was strong today even though it is the two year anniversary of my husband's passing. 
The way Abby looked at me when I picked her up from daycare. 
Valerie shared food with me, I am grateful that I have my abilities to be open with myself expression, I am grateful that I am loved. 
Brandon- I am grateful for Brandon because even though he has done some things to hurt me, he is always there for me trying to show me how much he loves me 
My mum and step dad for always being there for me 
A relatively good interaction with my parents today 
Innocence 
looking back and correcting them 
A small cannon camera 
God 
PHONE 
Mike watching the kids so I could clean the office. 
a clean house. 
It was nice outside. 
don't have to worry about having someone to spend nights with. 
My cat cuddled with me 
my relationship with my family 
my Aunt Jennie because she buys us nice things when we don't have the money and she takes us out to do really fun things and get more experiences in general. 
My 3DS. 
Mikaela - she's a wonderful girl, smart, funny, and fun to be around. 
Every concert I have ever been to. 
Such a wonderful listening ear.Great at sharing her joys.Good at reinforcing our friendship by saying you are such a constant friend. 
Relaxed day at work 
My owl windmillIt's welcoming as you come up the path.It's bike wheels spin in the wind and it's wing is raised as tho he is waving you welcome home. 
great full for my mother because she has now started to be there for me more. 
my mum for always being so supportive. 
laughing with my son 
you are a pethitic loser i had nothing to do with you and i dont want nothing to do with you ever agian 
doing a job that is testing me. 
to have Frankie in my life because he is such a joy! 
my dad gave me money today 
Support and understanding from Merrin 
Having made it so far in my life, despite challenges, doubt from others and roadblocks along the way. 
Guy (whom i have a close connection with) talked to me for hours! 
Gilbert- He is really funny 
my dogs, my home, my family, my health, my breath, my car , my security, NFB,food 
when I come home from work or school and Tim is making dinner for us. 
Gilly , Moss, Mat, Marie, Mike, Sarah, All people who make me feel better being around. 
JonathonFor always helping me and being supportive 
Sutter-my daughter. 
Steve 
The other day, two different people at two different times of the day told me I was beautiful. 
My iPod touch.I worked so hard to earn the money for it and I was extremely happy when I finally got it.But after a while(around 6 months) I began to take it for granted. 
laptop 
It was a sunny day 
My mom always having food in the fridge. 
talk to old friends 
THANKFUL OF HAVE MY MOM AND DAD EVEN WITH ALL THE MISTAKES 
Accomplished quite a bit of studying on 366. 
having my mom and dad 
Abel to bake great cup cakes 
my family is alive and well. 
Ipad mini 
and grateful for walking my dog today. 
dedicated staff 
Dane. 
Wise; helped me gain perspective when I was feeling down. 
have a lovely family with a great boyfriend who supports me morally. 
First of all, I am extremely grateful that I have such amazing opportunities in life. 
My daughter, she brings me so much love and joy and makes me want to be better 
able to work alone and listen to my music 
My husband frank. 
The relationships I have with Peter, my family and friends. 
had a lovely dinner with friends yesterday. 
enjoy driving to work with my daughter and I am grateful that the road is almost traffic free 
My husband has always stuck by me through thick and thin. 
being able to be on a swim team despite my family's financial issues, I'm grateful to swim 4 or more times a week, because my Mom or Dad brings me to swim every day. 
Thankful for big Italian lunch today 
was so thankful to come home to a clean home today and know that my kids made it back to college safe after a weekend at home. 
I have an understanding colleagues 
MY FRIENDS ACCEPT ME FOR WHO I AM. 
Finishing the basement staining 
My family. 
Mosier my dog 
My ring, i love having a cool and unusual ring. 
New clothesShoesMake up 
My son, my healthy, happy, beautiful son. 
My son's smile is the thing that I am most grateful for. 
the internet and its endless resources I can find in order to help me on a path to getting better everyday. 
My relationship with God 
Don 
Have enough food to eat 
Sun was shining! 
My brother brought his baby over and we ate and talked for a bit. 
It is always joyful to had group of friends singing together. 
would feel very proud of myself that I have ability to buy a house for my family - a shelter. 
got some rest today Slept in Phone Call from best friend 
Trip out of town 
Debbie because she alway gets what i am saying 
have a nice working environment; beautiful campus; nice buildings 
no longer have to manage my two most draining direct reports because they're being moved to a new manager. 
Kevin went shopping and there were bananas 
having friends visit and really enjoying talking to people I wouldn't usually meet, sharing a meal with them 
My wonderful husband, parents, sisters, niece and nephews. 
Mike because he chooses to be with me and put up with my grouchiness 
My sister. 
Jaeger brown handbag - first time I bought a decent handbag that goes with my work clothese. 
Big job responsibility 
Getting to interact with colleges. 
regardless of whether I have been in touch or not. 
my anchor 
make up. 
to have a job. 
have a good family. 
My mother- a warm, beautiful, non-judgmental soul. 
my Family who supports me for my study and my Psychiatric Medication. 
family 
had lunch alone. 
the time I had alone on Saturday to "play" in my craft room. 
Clean House 
My children being able to behave more like adults, socially and to prepare meals themselves when they need to 
Today I was happy to see people at work caring about how I was doing. 
the sun shining 
my good health, and that the stoke i had was minor and has not seemed to have any lasting effects. 
i''m grateful the heat went on when i turned it on and i am finally getting warm. 
The freedom to do what I want and live at peace instead of having to put up with dramatic situations on a daily basis. 
the support system I have with my family... that my mom relentlessly shows me she's my biggest fan, that my dad is the most encouraging person I know, and that my brother is so considerate of me. 
tried to meditate 
saw the sun come up, the hues changing colors for reddish ones to the sky blue 
Health 
Having people who love me 
Noor helped me during my on-call situation on Saturday night. 
Helpful hubby 
hearing my little girl's voice saying "mommy, wake up!" 
sitting back and watching my favorite movie by myself 
put rose scent and candles thru the house, made the house smell great. 
Thankful to be at home with the kids 
Rpin happy to be there and be there..Happy to Hear Guna Songs: Beauty of IlayaRaja's music. 
Breezer, my pet came and woke me up. 
Away from sabre and a few people who use to make me pathetic every time I saw them. 
liking me for the qualities I want to be liked for 
prepare for school by finish my homework 
The first thing that brightened my day was a text from Anna asking me to have dinner with her Friday night. 
Life 
The weather. 
Waking up to a wonderful life 
Having a day off from work. 
learnt a few words of Swahili on the way to work. 
had something to do - purpose and distraction! 
MAY have found a supervisor for honours (after several emails / visits and thinking I probably would end up not being able to do it - yay!) 
REALLY, REALLY grateful for two of my close friends. 
Picked this one as this is the hardest!!Grateful I have extra work as I could use the extra money. 
I didn't have to cook because I had leftover homemade chicken soup. 
No uni for a little while (no assignments, reports, exams, classes etc. etc. etc.) 
ooh, I've discovered digital collages and have been spending time on it today and editing photos in preparation (photo on left that I plan to use, pre-edit) 
Being a mother makes my life great. 
Beth is trying to get the ball rolling with Laura 
jnn 
Reading "Merle's Door: Lessons from a Freethinking Dog" 
woke up this morning with a positive feeling within myself.I spoke to my psychologist about some family issues i dealt with ,and how i regained some really good positive power within my self.I also spoke to her about how i grew so much the last couple of weeks in terms of handling situations better. 
Seeing my girls 
my sona call from my brotherGranny happymy dad is feeling better 
having a beautiful room that I can come in and relax in . 
life 
my son who's smile is contagious. 
Having friends that care about me, even if I don't always feel like they do 
The first thing that brightened up my day was finding an abandoned trolley in the River Leven that I can report using the 'Trolleywise' app. 
James' sense of humour 
have two wonderful sons 
to be healthy 
my home 
a single mother and money is always tight. 
Estoy agradecida por estar mas cerca de mi Mama, poder ayudarla y comunicarme mejor con ella. 
My students. 
my son, my best friend Akram. 
Getting help with walking the dog 
fresh, local food and my cooking skills. 
Grateful I was able to get to my meeting this morning. 
Knowing my boyfriend was still there. 
Ii was very grateful yesterday to have help rethinking my dinner recipe when I found I did not have the ingredients needed. 
Three things that made me feel grateful at work:I am employed 
have a loving partner. 
Getting up every morning and thank God I'm alive...My dog is a great companion. 
was able to feed the crows today! 
1. 
how far as a blended family we have come. 
My morning run. 
getting a message from a friend that she was feeling better after taking my suggestion. 
my children 
Having my dog Zoey 
my husband puts up with me. 
my son woke up in a really great mood and that I got to spend time with him before he went to preschool. 
My husband Alex 
1. 
my grandson 
lunch 
Steve let me sleep in and took care of the kids getting to school 
when my fellow associates tell me they like to work with me. 
My dog slept at my feet. 
started on my project for a presentation. 
Dave and his commitment to the pups in the mornings. 
My boys and my husband. 
getting out of work 
my girlfriend loves me unconditionally 
a husband/father who took care of everything and made sure that I took care of myself while I was very ill last month. 
loved spending time with the kids last night. 
The doctor wasn't as concerned about Ricks condition as we originally thought and said that he is doing well. 
got an invitation to join surgeries and outpatient clinic with my PhD supervisor 
This morning my boyfriend told me that he was thinking about me yesterday and realized how unhappy he would be if I wasn't in his life. 
Getting hugs from my kids before they went to school. 
President Obama Speech on the Debt Ceiling 
My dogs 
seeing my daughter and grandbaby 
the smell of fresh air through the window 
Dinner with Jim! 
1. 
my close family. 
My step dad got ahold of me were getting the car towed so we can get it fixed when the guys get home. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I got to work with my daughter. 
my daughter is becoming happy and stable, and closer to what a normal child experiences. 
handled my child's rages and tantrums due to mental illness like a champion and took the right steps to get her the help she needed to be the stable and loving little girl she is today. 
My two kids 
Waking up with Adam 
Grateful for my husband. 
Waking up to my sons in the morning 
my life allowed me the choice to homeschool Graham. 
My family. 
Jesus 
my husband. 
I have a caring, loving boyfriend. 
wake up next to the most amazing guy ever, seriously. 
Taking a much needed shower this morning 
my husband chooses to spend quality time with me regularly! 
the chance to cook lunch using a new recipe we watched on our favorite chef series. 
Maxwell was so happy and perky even though he was staying home with an ear infection. 
Coworkers accept me for who I am and know I am a hard worker. 
The first thing that brightened my day today was spending a little more time with my son. 
woke up in the morning 
My scrapbook 
so grateful that I have met Josh. 
my son 
Having b-fast w/sis and friend 
Having a good home made meal all together, enjoying the food and each other... like we used to. 
very grateful for my friends and family! 
my son is the first thing that brightens my day 
My daughter loves me the way I am. 
Jesus and his redemptive work on the cross. 
a fridge full of healthy food. 
friends 
got some sleep 
Patrick and Jessica allowed me to see Savannah and Delani. 
My children 
My Dog SHelbu 
Grateful for my husband who is supportive and takes care of the house when I travel for work 
Watching my new foster kitten play 
Bailey and I went on a walk today. 
my wonderful wife 
Good health 
Getting to direct Les Miz 
My family and having time with them even when it's stressful. 
Ian squealing with delight at see me first thing in the morning. 
the restful sleep I was able to get this morning after I dropped Peyton off at school. 
Making schedules for work. 
My dog - she brings so much joy and affection into my life 
Cuddling with my dog in bed 
I didn't have to go to class today 
Monthly income 
being connected with my nephew 
Jehovah loves me. 
Beth. 
Ruger did not have an accident last night and actually kissed me to wake me up. 
my co-worker did not leave her work for me 
My wife stopped in to see me, and offered input on a project. 
out of the abusive relationship and don't have to deal with it constantly. 
to be able to be with my friend Evelyn for her bone scan yesterday. 
Luc. 
Our cat Moeley was sleeping inbetween my fiance and myself, under the covers with his head on a pillow just like he was one of 3 people sleeping in our bed. 
slept well and woke up with less pain and well rested. 
really grateful for Audrey, my hair stylist, who is always perky and happy and lifts my spirits. 
an excellent quality of life and a standard of living that gives me freedom to choose. 
Greatful that I have a paddle board and kayak buddy who is my neighbor to boot! 
My doggie's good morning kisses. 
Mike stayed home with the kids so that I was able to go out with a friend to take maternity pictures for her. 
don't have to worry about where I am going to live or when I'm going to eat. 
Thomas the kitty makes me smile 
One thing that makes my life great is my relationship with Kathy. 
The first thing that brightened my day was eating breakfast with my boyfriend. 
CJ 
My life is great because I have an amazing dog that loves me and worships me. 
family 
Cute new boots 
not having to go by bus 
My new hat, reader, navy cardigan 
the gym in my building 
waking up 
Happy healthy family 
It's so nice to go into work and see my coworkers smiling and laughing. 
friends 
friends 
had a pretty good sleep last night 
my kids and grandkids 
listening to sunday's sermon onlineHow much God has changed me 
a have a loving soulmate/fiance. 
Not having to drive myself, at least once 
the sun 
my husband is going to come home early so that I can have some time out of the house. 
Calling a good friend and having a long chat. 
to Scott for being willing to compromise with me and discuss issues. 
Lexi calling me this morning with her problems made me feel very well regarded and loved. 
my apartment. 
managed to strip my daughter's bed. 
good health. 
my family is working together as a team to keep our home nice and clean. 
my daughter who has grown into a very kind, caring, intelligent and beautiful young lady. 
spent time with a Dear friend and played with her dogs. 
The first thing that brighten my day is the fact that I was well enough to get out of bed and see my son off to school with encouraging words. 
Curly said I was a miracle. 
my parents let me move back in so that I am not homeless or alone. 
Stressful fights with my friends and roommates, not working in a toxic work environment. 
I have more friends on my facebook games making them easier to play. 
have stressed about money but thanks to God all my bills do get paid. 
my family. 
heard of a new job opening 
Friends in Kentucky 
Šli sva v park in se lepo imeli. 
The happy lady in the bagel shop. 
Waking up this morning to a great day 
the day I have been given to do with as I best see fit. 
My kids 
asgaver 
have an amazing family and great friends. 
brought child to school 
Dinner invite 
Grateful That I made it through another hard Days Work Yesterday. 
my fiance. 
to have my husband in my life and all the things he does to help take care of me. 
The first thing that made me smile was a message from and old friend. 
my husband who always tries so hard to make my life better. 
got my car note paid 
family 
I was able to take today to rest and get better from the flu. 
Happily putting out positive energy and removing clutter with the intent to bring prosperity into my life 
Sarah loved her halloween costume I made for her! 
I have people in my life who love me. 
2 co workers asked me to go to lunch w/ them 
the support I have at home. 
my green cardigan that nana Rita made before she passed away. 
have a beautiful view. 
The phone call I might have messed up worked out in the end. 
The first thing that brightened my day was: having breakfast with Landon 
Mario's text after his lunch. 
Chatting with Amanda while getting ready 
have a job 
Working with the Ecumenical youth team 
now will have enough money to continue paying down my credit cards 
the electricians being friendly toward my cat 
my children are able to talk to me. 
1. 
the word "No" 
everyone 
breakdown 
Thank You too. 
Sun 
qwe 
all of my children are healthy & happy. 
Seeing my sister this morning before she went to TAFE. 
both Israel and Enrique gave me a hug 
my drive to work I enjoyed looking at the different colours of the trees, and the rolling shapes of the hills. 
so grateful when my son's homework is done before I get home at night. 
Mark is coming back tomorrow! 
Talking with my mom. 
seeeing ellen 
Helping a patient meet their goal 
My husband 
That Kevin played with Clay some 
don't have to be concerned about my daily needs being met. 
Going back to work after being furloughed for a week. 
my kitties. 
1. 
1. 
I have a home to relax in. 
My life 
to have three such wonderful children. 
familypetshaving a job 
My husband is able to move around without help now and seems to be recovering from his stroke. 
Noah and Miles asked me for 50 kisses each. 
Waking up with my kitty snuggling with me 
I walked in to the office this morning a former student waiting on his bus told me good morning. 
Talking to my daughter. 
My boss seemed less stress. 
Waking up to another day that God gave me and the prospect of a new job! 
1. 
My freedom 
greatfull for my auntie jennifer 
Gabbi hugging me tight this morning 
A comfortable home 
Being able to support myself, by myself 
Having a good team to help each other with work load 
children's drama 
got to drive my hubby to work. 
Jacob did some work today. 
to have a loving and supportive husband. 
Thankful that Chelsea called me this morning 
Finding someone I really love that loves me back and our NEW journey beginning 
a place to live 
the walk with my daughter and my friend/neighbor Tanya and for the beautiful place we live in and where we got to take the walk at, for the beautiful beach being right there and us being able to go to the beach for a walk and walk to it together. 
An unexpectedvisit. 
a friend thought of me at lunch and brought me food. 
Today I'm grateful for the beautiful day! 
I was able to sleep in today and sleep through most of the night last night. 
My amazing husband, who makes breakfast, lunch, mows the lawn, does the dishes, laundry, garbage, recycling, surprises me with sweet notes, takes care of me when my back is hurting, and is ALWAYS there for me no matter what. 
don't have to worry about being unemployed. 
Family: Spending 1:1 time with my daughter. 
A roof over my head! 
My Daughter 
My family, I'm grateful for the improvements and out health, and happiness 
Being able to book a ticket home for Thanksgiving out of the generosity of my mother. 
My house 
Great fun at the concert last nite. 
Sharing every morning with my daughter 
played keno for a while at the casino 
breakfast 
My Son,is one of the great great things in my life. 
Healthy family 
Free fruit at work. 
My wife. 
My generous and caring family. 
The silence of the house right now as I have it all to myself. 
Coffee on the couch with my husband. 
Snagged some really good birthday gifts for Lorna at very reasonable prices as well as items I can put away for Christmas. 
Waved at Nancy and Christie this morning 
have a good management team. 
love of my dear little brother, my belolved parents and my beautiful grandma... 
get time with the children when my husband is what home but we also get good family time when husband is at home. 
hugged my duck--he smells sooo sweet.. 
megans help 
I have a warm, comfortable home 
was able to take a nap today 
every one safe at home 
Spending time with family, especially my nephews. 
Right now I still live with my parents so I don't have to worry about a morgage or too many bills. 
rowing 
The guys at Kia were able to get me into my appointment, quickly, same day, and for no charge. 
got the living room painted 
my husband - Matthew He is kind, he is smart, he makes me laugh 
Spending time after school with my daughter 
A wonderful husband who can and DOES fix things around the house 
When we bought a Kindle. 
two cats that are patient and loving, no matter how we are 
someone told me that my hair was nice 
Going to the park with my dog Teddy and my sweethearts new puppy Jada. 
The first thing that brightened my day today was my three-year-old awakening with his sunny disposition and desiring banana bread for breakfast. 
TALKING TO MY MOTHER 
made lunch for the first time in seven months 
Having that awesome, random chat with JG and making a concrete plan for when we would see each other next. 
realizing I'm ok 
went to get my favorite BBq with my husband today and enjoyed. 
cece's doing good on her plan 
GRATEFUL FOR MY FAMILY, AT LEAST THE ONES THAT DON'T STEAL FROM ME. 
My boss gave me a nice bonus 
My children 
Seeing all the support I had on Facebook. 
Dishes were washed when I got home 
a son who is smart and healthy and sweet. 
my health. 
I am now a small business owner and have the doors open 
the metro wasn't packed this morning. 
the computer popped up the thing i was singing earlier 
i have friends and know people all over the world 
Being able to pick up my daughter from school and take her and her friend to ballet. 
My daughter is the best a mom could ask for. 
friends who I can be myself with & are just a text away 
Found my bills last night so I got up early today and paid them. 
co-workers who make everyday brighter. 
met a neighbor and her kids with my kids at the park. 
my daughters are moving forward with their lives. 
got to play at the park in the beautiful weather with Cora! Plus we got an extra walk in with Daddy. 
waking up early 
to have a place to stay until i get my own place. 
to have shelter, food and safe place to live with my pets 
Being home, having my home, keeping my home (finances). 
a strong relationship with my husband. 
Mom sent me a Halloween Card. 
Seeing Homies smile 
I have a home and a loving family. 
My husband & I went out to dinner. 
got to use all of my highlighters today. 
given extra responsibility 
to share my home and life with my Mom, who helps me with the animals and laundry, and bible time. 
Having my kids 
got a job interview 
Rachel took the paper cutter to be sharpened and brought it back today. 
GREATFUL FOR BEING ABLE TO SEE MY FAMILY. 
went to the balloon fiesta with friends 
My Pastor, she treats me as a person not as Poor R... 
help from bruce 
taking care of the babies 
1. 
Won Teacher of the Year. 
COMPLIMENT FROM DRIVER ABOUT MY EYES 
friendship 
today I was able to make dinner with my sister. 
dan painted the window 
A caring husband who supports me and my work I was able to get to the DMV today because of him and figure out my DUI situation which seems hopeful. 
My best friend is always here for me 
was grateful that I made it to work and back without any difficulties 
My dogs didnt destroy anything 
my period 
The sun was shining 
My day started out with breakfast at Downies' café. 
finished the AHCA action plan and got it submitted to the WFD on time. 
Becky came to talk to me. 
Presley went to School :) 
MY FAMILY 
It was not raining. 
friends that care 
was able to accomplish a lot yesterday! 
I had some time today to work on cleaning in a less stressful way. 
don't have to worry about the bills being paid right now, because our worries were answered today with good news. 
Understanding. 
to my hubby for letting me be creative in our home. 
have a cute little doggie sitting in my lap. 
One thing that makes my life great is the supportive family that I have. 
God woke me up this morning. 
Having a profession that I love. 
gratful to see another day 
finally made green all across board 
Aunt jamie lou called me in the hospital to see how i was doing! 
the day warmed up since I felt so guilty that I took Isaac to school without a sweater.I am glad I tried the cole slaw from the Walmart Deli dept. 
What a beautiful fall day. 
1. 
Succeeding at the trial that I have worked so hard to pass! 
was able to put a little dent in my art room today. 
got to sleep in and read a bit this morning, and the book was really good! 
super grateful for amy and all she does for both me and the girls. 
Brett's successful surgery! 
Getting some of my housework done. 
to have the relationship I have with Bob. 
Sunshine 
1. 
my family 
My daughters as young adults 
A sorority sister thought of me and sent me a text about a belly dance class-something I've been interested in for a while. 
Ruby telling me I looked beautiful 
Watching my little puppy playing after just having her surgery less than a week ago. 
you mommy 
incredibly grateful that Adam gave me a ticket to see The Nose at the Metropolitan Opera. 
very grateful to no longer be in a stressful living situation. 
The sunshine and my flowers as I walked out my door. 
Food 
Mama spends so much time with me without asking anything in return. 
to be alive 
waking up alive 
woke up to a sunny beautiful morning and my cat was sleeping next to me. 
my husband. 
Chad told me he was proud of me for going to jits even if I didn't work out. 
Having meds for my back pain 
we as a family, pulled together and cleaned up the rooms that we got done today. 
winning a district contest 
Warm cup of tea in my hands 
Thankful to have family nearby when I found a black widow in the basement. 
not stressing about a sick parent, their prognosis, my role in at all. 
my boyfriend that does makes me feel so loved 
Seeing a close friend of mine for a little while. 
have two amazing and supportive friends who invite me to go to incredible places with them, like Italy! 
My boyfriend who helps with the cooking and cleaning 
The first thing that brightened my day today was I allowed myself to express the truth about my feelings to Rakhi and she was very supportive & loving towards me. 
worshiping the LORD in total freedom w/others in church, dancing raising my hands w/out the fear or hindrance a more traditional church would bring 
My attitude about life 
beadwork 
my creative side/wit 
My son said he loved me. 
Healthy and cool kids 
my sister fb me & she didn't sound depressed. 
Jesus who died for me...for all of us that believe in Him...so that I (we) do not just die, but live in Heaven with Him when my (our) physical body dies. 
today I inspired someone to be positive in spite of his negative issues 
Freedom and the beach 
Driving my grandsons to my house for the day. 
my animals are healthy,well feed and happy. 
1. 
my husband and I usually get angry with our daughter when she messes up (even though we know we shouldn't), every now and then we get it right! 
watching a video of a kitten and puppy playing together with the dogs mom watching 
Charlene was at a different desk, so I could talk to Richard all day. 
talked to my son and daughter` 
Seeing the smiles of the students that recognize me at school. 
was able to get out of bed and get ready for my day on time. 
Gardening 
bgjl 
was able to take a restful nap today 
received a compliment from a student. 
my son are in my life 
it was fun betting on that spider and talking to Dan to help me with my quality issues. 
My daughter told me that she can tell me anything. 
A patient smiled at me. 
Zoe. 
tom coming down the stairs in his blanket 
get teaching on tue am and mon pm. 
My kids are all healthy and intelligent. 
good cup of coffee this morning 
Gathering with the ladies with rasha, good company great food and connecting with people. 
was alone for awhile. 
I can pay my bills. 
Sarah helped me out with my CV and made it hopefully a lot better2. 
Not worrying about being in an excruciatingly hot climate. 
My husband. 
my clean sink 
eating dinner as a family 
sleeping late 
Mocha from Neva 
got to talk to henry on the phone today. 
the sun 
NA 
1. 
1. 
to have a great best friend. 
less pain today 
I have a home 
enjoy walking wompatuck trails on sat n sun w my husband n dogs 
Thank you for having a loving family 
my old roommate came by last night with a chocolate muffin for me from his favorite bakery. 
My easy commute. 
my job. 
serving customers made me feel happy. 
My boyfriend who constantly keeps a positive attitude and stays supportive despite my constant mood swings. 
Having really true friends who accept me for who I am and don't question my eccentricities. 
A place to sleep 
practicing yoga 
teach yoga 
my children. 
My children 
life 
(1) Smoking, 
My Grand-kids and Family 
Family 
Love, 
Being able to have a beautiful home and able to support my baby and me. 
Took a walk outside with a friend 
Found mental clarity on project 
My mother was cheerful and told me to have the "best day" 
My sister and her boyfriend were not in an argument, as I had thought. 
Ran into my kindergarten teacher 
I woke up today. 
Waking up next to the love of my life really made me happy this morning. 
My friends make me laugh. 
Great dance classes 
My friends. 
Family 
My family. 
No one is presently sick. 
No AC meeting. 
Got to sleep late. 
Thinking about my mom 
understood everything in my morning class. 
husband --- kind & loving 
Jeff bringing a gift in to drop off for me.It wasn't the most 'important' thing to get done, but it was the most important to me. 
Alexander 
Waking up to a text from Sean 
Sunny day. 
John takes care of the garbage and recycling each week, so that I don't have to do it. 
don't have to worry about Matt. 
Waking up and turning on music. 
I have tomorrow off of work!!!! 
to have Mike as my best friend, the only person I can trust. 
have no class and no work today, allowing me to sleep in until I woke up naturally, No alarm clock! 
My husband and I own our trailer and the land it sits on free and clear with no debt, so we don't have to worry about missing payments or rent and ending up homeless anymore. 
David got up easily 
Chatted with Kristi 
get to live in a setting (national forest area) in a semi-secluded home, in a loft, totally rent free. 
My fiancé who helped me get to the dentist and looked after me. 
have a new job 
my kids can walk to school in the mornings. 
Life 
home 
Starting the day with breakfast of eggs, bacon, and a blueberry muffin with Ramon 
Mexican Dinner in WuDaukou with JB 
Seeing mu husband 
got enough sleep & woke up fairly fresh, even had enough time to make a fresh pot of coffee 
My kids are bright, independent and love me. 
1. 
get to be with my kids. 
the presence and reality of the lives of others, that I may perhaps have something in me that can be of service 
My boss rode with me and made my day go faster 
Spending time shopping and eating with my daughter and step daughter 
My family 
my wifemy sonshealth 
Got a message that my parents are coming for a long Thanksgiving visit. 
always thankful for a warm home and a roof over my head. 
My helpful husband 
Nik is Clever. 
my dogs. 
My (now ex) boyfriend. 
Katharyn is making it incredibly easy to move to New York and seems excited to have me there, which is helping me get through a difficult time. 
woke my husband up gently and with loving touch because I truly wanted to get his day off to a good start which then allowed me to start my day off on a positive note 
My meeting with GM on ACL training, person getting training grateful for detailed instructions and complimented me. 
having a roof over my head and a bed to sleep in, it's winter 
Enjoying the pets. 
sleep well 
Liddy thanked me for helping her feel better and gave me a big hug! 
Grateful for the counsel and support from a mentor. 
My family. 
we now own a home. 
MY GOD 
my children were happy when they were getting ready for school. 
My friend Eva at work makes me laugh all the time. 
My son and his copying the Goosebumps intro. 
My son snuggling up this morning after breakfast to watch a movie. 
Yesterday, I was grateful for the lazy morning watching movies with my son. 
really grateful that Ryan and I are able to work past some of our issues. 
my wife who always take care of me. 
my husband, my true family support, family members in my life, and my true friends. 
Taking a walk with my husband 
The first thing that brightened my day was hearing my child got an A on her math test. 
my daughter, she helps out tons and is sweet and encouraging and kind and loving. 
My middle son doesn't have leukemia, that is something I no longer have to worry about. 
1. 
A coworker bought me a latte just to be nice 
a friend showing support for me during this difficult time I am in 
to Melissa for bringing the washing machine to me to fix. 
Oscar, my puggle 
my dogs greeted me with lots of sloppy kisses and tail wags and happy dance 
My mcdonalds breakfast 
There was spaghetti in the fridge. 
being in a committed relationship, music, going out to places with significant other. 
getting out of bed 
slept really well in a warm cozy bed 
Rachel is cheerful and friendly when I speak to her. 
my friend nicki. 
Support from my supervisor that we would move on after loosing a CNA yesterday and the CNA manager today. 
Ted's acceptance, whether on good days or bad 
church conflict 
a published author empowering women's sexual desires. 
getting up this morning. 
bad relationship 
got a ride to work 
purchased an airline ticket to see a dear friend in Nov. 
my home, even though I don't own it. 
My son being very good while grocery shopping today. 
The first thing that brightened my day was my tired husband getting up to say hi to me before work. 
My coworkers are always there to help out and share our work loads. 
when i return home for a trip to see that i remembered to clean before i left and i can relax 
My daughter initiated a conversation after we had a disagreement that left us not speaking for a week. 
my sobriety 
Family 
my friend is planning to spend more time with me outside of school 
My friendships that have lasted so longMy wonderful dog and how he has grown to be so lovingMy boyfriend and how well he treats me and my dog 
My friends they always care about me Thank you 
My friends are very special, theyhave supported me during this hard situation I'm living right now, they answer to any call, message, looking after me and trying to cheer me up. 
Kaia, how she smiles at me and hugs me, how she giggles and repeats words in the funniest way. 
interacting.holding 
My violin? 
My coworker made me laugh 
my kids and the transition they have made with moving to a new school. 
my bf being with me when i am being talked down apon about my parenting skills by my parents 
Dan has done so much around the house for me the past couple days. 
God and his son 
was so very grateful that my xhusband filled my gas tank, filled my tire with air, bought my daughter flowers and made Yucca for us. 
Co worker helped with work load. 
My family and friends that helped almost daily to move on. 
Finding some clothes for Cora for the trip. 
my husband being there. 
organizing charity fundraiser 
waking up to a beautiful sunny day! 
have such awesome pets 
spoke with my friend this morning on the phone about how wonderful our day was yesterday. 
was able to come to work. 
I have a home. 
The first thing that brightened my day was Olivia woke up in a good mood and was very sweet to her mommy this morning. 
Lunch. 
I am able to come home and have some alone time, especially after a full day yesterday. 
woke up this morning next to someone I love and feel really close to. 
my parents and the help and support they continuously give me 
Ron speaks the Word 
I get paid to do something that I love. 
One thing that makes my life great is the support of my husband. 
I was able to study my software 
got to take a walk to the post office. 
My husband 
My daughter came home today. 
My family 
I got a good nights rest 
waking up next to my awesome husband 
the opportunity to help others 
My child is a good student and resposible person. 
Able to help a colleague improve her goals. 
this house is being paid for. 
1. 
Waking up this morning 
Great convo with hairdresser 
my beautiful children and my loving pets. 
woke up in a good mood. 
The first thing that brightened my day was knowing my (2) beautiful children are always with me :) 
to have a job that I enjoy most of the time. 
Bivocational Ministry: For 5 years, I had my feet in 2 worlds: government where I worked full-time (and got my paycheck) and church where my calling and passion were. 
Conversation with a co-worker: After numerous issues that arose after returning from my solitude day, I was standing in my office when a coworker used those ominous words "Hey, you got a minute to talk?" Usually this means there's a problem and while I dreaded what might come, I said "ok" (Better to confront head-on than push off to another day). 
1. 
The first kindness was the Christmas cards I received from people at the church. 
Thankful to have a great team at work 
So thankful my husband is such an amazing man and always makes me a better person. 
I have the place to myself for a few hours. 
I was able to complete training for another department on an SOP change. 
Junebug - I love her happiness and joyful personality. 
no longer live in an abusive household 
I have a job that I can somewhat control, 
a nice home that when it is cold I have heat and when it is warm I have a/c 
Grateful to have woken up in a nice warm house while the rain was falling outside. 
having a safe, comfortable home 
well the first things im grateful for at home is today I was able to complete some cleaning that I have been trying to accomplish for 3 days. 
woke up 
Dunkin' Donuts helped me out very shortly after I complained. 
the mammogram and ultrasound I had today came back fine. 
time to just sit and talk with Anja 
seeing my daughter 
Waking up to my grandson. 
Chloe is with me and energetic 
my kids. 
got some grocery shopping done. 
to have a wonderful supportive family 
said morning prayer with my husband 
My daughter 
Ken taking care of Piper this morning so I could get out the door on time. 
Julia's visit was very energizing and uplifting. 
nature 
Getting the dishes done 
nothing brightens my day 
Babes 
so glad that I am able to work with Lauren. 
Sunshine and warm weather 
GReatful for times when everyone is gone and I get the house ot myself 
Seeing my therapist and confirming that it was okay to try and continue a relationship with Jim. 
positive reactions 
The sun, 
Jeremy is taking the initiative to find another job! 
having met Rick. 
Someone told me that I was an intelligent woman. 
had to leave early... 1 hr. 
got to work on time 
home alone! 
Health 
friendly customers 
Waking up this morning 
Having a job, 
new place. 
need to be more thankful for the loved ones around me and not the ones that choose not to be 
Went shopping today and I was thankful that I had a house to come home to. 
had a decent conversation with Edward on the phone. 
My family 
My husband left his new business card on the counter for me to see... 
I could find what was wrong with my son's eye. 
When My son 3 had pneumonia and my daughter just a cpl months old had RSV. 
having a job 
confirmed that the DPBR received my continuing education credits. 
Kind people at school, working hard together 
Lisa's post on facebook about Colby. 
My wife,kids and grandkids 
Someone asked if I had been working out and told me that I looked good. 
My good health 
my sister Ethel is doing better since her stroke. 
have a job 
my son calling me 
Rick my uncle bought me a stone from a gift shop from a bird wild life center 
Good health 
my children and the love we have for each other. 
mother 
Spending time alone in my room watching TV. 
have a wonderful, handsome boyfriend who loves me. 
I have income 
Being Alive 
got to spend time reading my book and finish it. 
the enthusiasm and effort all the volunteers are putting into our party. 
coffee 
my books came. 
People: Conrads Shop, Flo's visit-- and following adventure. 
Debbie Nottingham was available for me to send her a long email about how unhappy I am right now. 
live in a really great community. 
my husband helps me navigate things like health insurance so that I don't become confused. 
greatfuk for amy being so kind to me and listening to me vent about the things at work that upset me. 
Happy I have a job that allows me to drive my children to and from school each day. 
waking up 
Getting to move into our new home. 
I have this one week off from school. 
Pepper, my cat took nap with me. 
Greg and I went out for coffee and to the grocery store. 
didn't have to walk my dog in the rain 
God everyday for my understanding husband 
was thankful for my teachers enthusiasm for information I brought to share with the class on ides that might help others with our class. 
to have time hanging out relaxing with Brandon. 
job interview 
I get along with my co workers 
My dogs greeting me this morning when I got out of bed Warm cup of coffee Spending time with GodMy sonthe sunrise 
my husband made dinner for us tonight and that it was ready when I got home. 
nice place to live 
was called in for a job interview tomorrow. 
woke up. 
cleaned the RV 
1. 
to have had a chat with Giuli today. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing how much I got done last night on the house 
my daughter isn't having pseudoseizures any more 
Having a family to take care of, 
Giving Helen a hug, sharing affection with her 
my hubby and son. 
Stacy told me I looked beautiful. 
Playing guitar or listening to music. 
when i woked up today and i saw my grandma i felt happy 
Sunshine 
My son smiling at me telling me goodbye and waving happily to me at kids club. 
Husband. 
my roomates 
Judah waking me up with a "Good Morning!" and giving me kisses. 
My friend contacted me to get together soon. 
Compliments on FB picture felt really nice from friends old and new. 
1. 
My grandson woke up before I left for work and I got hugs and kisses before leaving. 
Sheldon is in my life, grateful for his love, hugs, and kisses. 
my husband had a good night's sleep and a good day yesterday; he felt energized and was able to exercise at a higher level, he felt smarter and was also able to do his brain exercises at a higher level. 
First Things I'm grateful for....I am grateful for everything that I am today. 
most grateful for my faith. 
People who love me and want to have a relationship with me. 
Wimberley is beautiful and laid back, gorgeous scenery and wonderful neighbors :) 
I am going back to school for graphic design and no longer stressing about what to major in! 
Some of the messages in The Power of Nice were uplifting. 
the understanding and support of my best friend Grant. 
Lovely text message from a friend to start my day. 
Helping in my daughters kindergartens class...spending yime with the kids in the library...Love being around books. 
woke up and arose a couple hours earlier than usual. 
My son Alex. 
teaching my class. 
Laughed out loud in the car 
a loving family 
I was able to take a nap today and was not bothered by anyone while at the office while I took it. 
Seeing Ami and spending time with her. 
to have a great Mom who likes to cook delicious food. 
my husband! 
Getting to work safely even though I thought I might've had a leaky tire. 
we are healthy and have everything we need. 
Marc has been encouraging me through this issue at work. 
a quiet place to sleep in cool weather. 
having lunch with Nikki 
That everything that went awry didn't happen simultaneously. 
getting the fox to the airport 
My husband tries to make me feel better when I am stressed out. 
Waking up wit Andy, when I wake up next to him, my morning anxiety, which is usually crippling is almost gone entirely. 
my family. 
My Loving Husband 
was grateful for the discussion I had with management team today and how they applauded me for being the only PT staff to come to the staff meeting last night. 
my health 
have a good friend support system. 
got a break from some homework 
Ron's teasing 
friends N & T 
Grateful that I have supporters for Danni Faulk FitnessThank for my time in the military as long as I had despite the fact that 
Working at a stressful job where I can't do rightGoing back to school 
A cup of coffee with my husband. 
I have wonderful friends. 
The people there 
A day of uninterrupted work, got a lot done 
My DH mowed the lawn like I asked. 
Waking up each morning!! 
did not have to cook dinner, after over ten hours at work I was grateful and relieved that my husband made it. 
Hot weather 
I live in a home full of people who care about me even though I am not related to them. 
WENT SHOPPING TO GET NEW DRESS FOR A UPCOMMING WEDDING 
my children's health, and being able to be such a big part in their life, 
2 New mortgage leads today with a nice loan size 
Talking to a very inspiring young man 
to have a safe and comfortable home 
my husband 
My wife and family has supported my business for the last six years and allowed me to take the time I need to grow it. 
my children are all healthy and have grown to be goodhearted adults. 
Finishing my second novel and emailing it to my editor and agent 
Don't have to worry about my mom's health. 
My "feather" quilt blocks. 
My kids and husband 
I get to spend my day at home, and get to see hubby during the day 
got through a year doing a course in another country that I really didn't like in the beginning and I came out stronger at the other end 
Sherry was empathetic about me not feeling good. 
It was good to hear from my mom and I was able to get a good part of my homework for the week completed. 
Thinking of my mother 
Finding an old cd that made me laugh and smile. 
Had time to get breakfast and made it to work on time 
We went out to eat tonight. 
Healthy, caring, funny daughters.Roof still over my head. 
Someone came to back me up 
Having a husband that would do anything for me 
my kids 
Waking my son up for school. 
The first thing that brightened my day was having a nice warm cup of coffee in the morning. 
my daughters smile 
to have my pets. 
I have kids who love me and want to spend time with me. 
my dad came by to visit this morning 
a pure smile from my husband as i wake up., with a kiss. 
got to sleep in. 
My dogs make my life great.My Mothers make my life greatMy friends help make my life great 
Olen 
friends who are happy to support me. 
got several letters sent out Pershing / Computershare. 
My husband, who is very thoughtful and loving 
The sun was shining this morning. 
went to child birth centering class with jessica 
I don't work under supervision. 
the women in my life they have held me up over the past several months. 
recognition at work 
to have my daughters in my life and love spending time just talking with them about their lives. 
of the bad marriage I was in for 15 years. 
my kids. 
Talking to Tye on the phone for 2 hours 
my mom coming an helping me take my AC unit out of my window. 
a husband who helps with the kids - in the mornings, at bedtime, and in between. 
a good problem solverI have lots of good friendsI have parents who've got my back 
my bay window. 
took mom to visit dad. 
Getting the kids to school on time. 
Grandchildren, children 
Melissa visited with me and was very friendly 
Grateful for healthy kids. 
the first thing that brightened my day was puppy kisses 
Darla offered to take me to yogurt 
my child 
Squid 
Got to drive the truck 
finished my chores in thirty minutes. 
Talking to my daughter. 
Sadly, it was going to the doctor and finally getting my throat sickness taken care of. 
was able to get some Laundry done. 
I have time alone with my son and we were able to laugh. 
My son makes me very thankful, he has pushed me to be a better person and work hard. 
Took day off from work, just enjoyed being at home. 
Elisa Lotti 
A person I regretted not building a friendship with reached out to me and woke me up from my state of self-obsessing 
J took the trash out without me asking 
everyone at home is healthy. 
lucky enough to have a fantastic and loving husband who has provided us with the opportunity to be able to travel at this young stage of our life, without kids and with the comfort and luxury of a caravan, we are doing something that a lot of people don't get to do until a lot later in life if at all. 
My family 
my wonderful, funny children who make me very proud and who make me smile xx 
My kids 
Performed Yoga in Fresh morning And Done myg Cleanin Activites realy Sound mind in Fresh mornings 
Faced through major setbacks in life but still I have couple of friends who listen to me and care about me.I Can Perform Yoga EverydayI Have many Skills like Dancing,playing Piano,whoch I can Concentrate 
had a good dayI went for shopping outsideI was alone on street observing small small things at shop.I ate Kulfi on street.I was totally with myself 
had got a Massage from parlourit was relaxing,rejuvenating It was awesome experience. 
Got up Early and had tea an breakfastI had nice bath and showerI dresses well and started studyI gone through PPTS of HRm 
everyday that I get to come home from my dangerous job, and settle down into a comfortable bed with clean bedding. 
My cup of Coffee to wake me up. 
the kids are trying all they can in school 
I have a home 
having such a wonderful doughter 
Being silly in the elevator with Jordie 
got to watch a movie with my entire family. 
That Christian took Nicholas to school today 
My family, our home and our love for each other. 
Having a lovely home 
Getting Pancho Villa 
A cup of hot lemon ginger tea with honey. 
seeing my young daughter this morning. 
Realizing that I had no school 
My health and my family's health. 
being warm 
My kid ate most of her meals by herself today. 
I have a loving husband who understands me and accepts me for who I am. 
grilling out for my family. 
washed the dishes 
my beautiful home and having nature around me. 
I have a job in this economy 
made customer satisfied, 
Spent time with Holly 
trafic not so bad 
enjoyed talking to Mandy on Deliberate Receiving and reading the discussions on there. 
Mum cooking my meals. 
School- I don't have to go anymore. 
played on the trampoline with my kids and nephew after work yesterday. 
kids 
Got webcam for Xander for a good price 
was able to really speak what was on my mind and tell Corington how I feel. 
took the time to pack a healthy lunch for the boys and we are able to afford good food. 
jason has a good job and we can pay our bills. 
Jason, Ethan, Alex, and Jackson. 
Sunshine on a sunny day! 
Yesterday was a beautiful fall day, my favorite time of the year, I took a long walk around town, It was enjoyable, and it provided exercise. 
Today I was able to get my prescription that I thought there was going to be a problem with, it was even cheaper than I thought it would be, I thought I'd have to switch Drug Stores and deal with setting up a new card. 
being able to find and catch the bus when we got dropped off father away from our assumed destination... 
I have a great man and partner who shares my home and life, and helps me get stuff done in terms of housework and chores 
had the time to organize boxes that were an eye sore to look at and take up room in the hallway. 
The bunny was doing well this morning and my daughter and I got to play with her a little bit 
Friends that care about me and text/call/Facebook to see how I am doing. 
Waking up and realizing I'm alive. 
we were refunded the ins. 
I have my children at home and doing their school online. 
it is my friends birthday 
Getting a text from my cousin telling me that our favorite band growing up was gonna be in town 
The first thing that brightened my day was reading the Jung quote my wife found and posting it on my Facebook page where many folks liked it! 
I was able to nap while ill today. 
waking up alive 
Greatness 
Hello! 
World 
my children,family and close friends.I love spending my time with my kids even if it's just watching a movie.I love hanging out with my sister and mother. 
A birthday breakfast surprise 
Waking up next to my fiancé and see her smile at me :) 
felt healthy 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up to a beautiful sunny day with a crisp coolness. 
My parents for putting a roof over my head and always being supportive during tough times. 
my husband made my coffee 
greatfull that I was able to fininsh Robert's laundry. 
My husband is understanding. 
Explorers 
The first thing that brightened my day was lying next to my daughter. 
my friend held my book for me 
unplugged the toilet 
Spending time with my friends in Melbourne, friendships that have spanned time zones - London to Australia 
My friends - across different corners of the earth I feel supported, I am loved and I love in return...they make me smile each of them 
Spending time with a good friend after work, chilled out quality one on one. 
Amelia - she is brave and is working through her troubles, so strong, such an inspiration, such a frickin babe, i adore her possibly more than i can express and her geuinely believe, she inspires me and reminds me to be stronger every day. 
Vicky because of her never-ending faith in me and the love that she shows me from thousands of miles away even when she is going through hard times herself. 
Taking a walk in the still and peaceful downtown during a snowfall 
helped 3 patients get well by helping their surgeons perform their best 
My family 
turtle 
I wake up every morning. 
helped organize a nature study group for my son's homeschool curriculum. 
My mother. 
God's grace. 
Being invited to a party 
thought for sure that Ray and Leon weren't going to give me my space or support. 
Thanks from my neighbor for taking him to the store. 
my friend skye helped me so much during the time my ex husband passed away ... she never left my side and gave me a hand in everything from picking out what to wear to assisting me in making phone calls and even in house preparations for guest 
Talking with Lauri 
Tyler stopped by and it was good to see him and the cats reconnect. 
wake up my sweet son and take him to school 
Grateful to have a roof over my head,food to eat, and for my family 
hubby bringing me a warm beverage this morning and helping me get up and out of bed. 
One thing that makes my life great is that we just bought our first house! 
Rehearsal went really well this morning. 
Not stressing about working out, just do it! 
Concert day 
Relaxation time in the morning without having to be somewhere or do something 
Invoicing at work went really smoothly! 
Daughter is doing well after having her wisdom teeth out. 
got myself back to Fitness boot camp 
managed to get myself to boot camp and felt better for it. 
greatfull to be alive! 
found that I still had my favorite tea left over (thought it was all out!) 
Someone I mentored got a full-time job. 
waking up 
My son waking me up. 
a dish first time for my daughter 
Fixed my bassoon case 
An understanding text from a friend with a big virtual hug. 
was doing better in school and was eating better 
Grateful to have the house to myself......to do things that I need to get done-- for myself, for my job and for my family. 
A home where I feel comfortable 
the sun today 
The fact that I have a good job and am self supporting. 
being able to wake up to a whole new day. 
The sun and beautiful morning when I woke. 
Listening to music in the store 
Having a pumpkin latte at McDonald's. 
Chatting to Jen about hope reunion 
a sunny day 
Dad made me coffee in the morning. 
Was Alyssa telling me I looked good today. 
Seeing my husband and my boys 
when I got home from work I took a nice hot shower and put my relaxing clothes on 
Yoga workout 
Finishing the attic job 
Nature 
nothing 
jimmy fallon 
the first thing that brightened my day was seeing the person i love 
felt good getting up today. 
had a hair cut 
working around my co-workers and trying hard to think positive and it was fun but negative thoughts always arise,, but work was fun today,, 
Classroom shifts done. 
my husband 
the warm sun on my skin 
The Dogs 
To be alive 
Seeing Davide's smiling face 
Having the possibility of a brighter future. 
good mood at job 
Family 
Was contacted by an old friend via Facebook. 
Cinema with Maciek 
Deciding to eat better and deal with finances better 
have a lovely family 
Job was expecting did not arise 
Alexis and her boyfriend came to visit me at work. 
the warmth- around 25 -20 degrees, a nice sunday morning:) 
My husband 
My husband 
the airline gave me free accommodation and food when the flight was late and we missed my connecting flight 
my friends care about me and I get messages from Sarah, and phonecalls from Shane and emails from Billy asking how I'm doing 
Being in a bad relationship with an alcoholic who wouldn't get help for his withdrawals and caused me alot of pain. 
I was able to handle moving from Kuching to Kota Kinabalu without too much stress. 
my daughters andrea and marissa. 
My children truly make my life great. 
nice comfortable bed and pillows 
made love 
God never leaving my side. 
My family who encourage and support me 
1. 
friends; The way they have the ability to always bring a smile to your face; the way they always make you feel accepted; The way they always listen, the way they stick up for you, the way they just might know a little more about you than you know about your self. 
blood donation 
being able to make and hear my wife laugh 
That Rico came for dinner and we had a nice evening. 
live next to the ocean! 
We drove to the ocean and stopped at a beautiful cove. 
My daughter played all by herself this morning when we packed up things for our hike. 
1. 
My daughter fell asleep really fast. 
rgdfgdfg 
my boyfriend 
eating 
got to see my parents 
the people in my class that push me to do better in school. 
My boyfriend was worried about me today. 
I've lost a little more weight. 
my wonderful daughter who effortlessly puts a smile on my face, and for my husband I've choosen despite all that social disapproval. 
was able to work from home which allowed me to work in peace and catch up on some outstanding jobs. 
My baby girl woke up and immediately told me that she loved me. 
pretty darn smart 
my roommate to have been home to hang out with my dog while I was at work. 
1. 
My dog 
1 
Finding the female fairy bluebid 
My first cup of coffee which was lovingly delivered to me as I lay in bed. 
Being told by a trainer at the gym that my deadlift form was good. 
my daughter dropped in to see me - i had not seen her for 6 weeks 
A text from my boyfriend and then another asking if I wanted to go to the beach. 
Going to mamaws for lunch 
changing color of leaves 
off on a Sunday 
knowing that god knows that know we all make mistakes 
feeling comfortable feeling accepted and can feel like everything will be ok 
church greeting I did 
how I can be really fun to spend time with. 
My parents still let me live with them for free and let me do as I please 
realising I didn't have to work 
My boyfriend asking me what was wrong and telling me that he is here to listen to me and be the best. 
Rita a real friend for her help with my house 
a text message from boyfriend 
taking m to airport 
Waking up surround by my closest friends. 
My friends really and truly cared and were worried when they heard that I had fainted. 
Spending time with my mother, talking to her and getting to do our favorite thing together, take a nice nap. 
The Steelers winning after a period of constant losses. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that my boyfriend went to eat skyline with me and he wore his new clothes and said he bought them just for me. 
live in a pretty state 
great ice cream 
My children waking with smiles. 
Owen! 
The love of my husband children and family. 
Brain gave me the best kiss goodbye..ever! 
seeing the sun coming down on the bay as i walked home from work. 
my rabbit lola, gave me a cuddles 
planted a plant for goodness in my house 
needed money, and as I found out my boyfriend wasn't able to send me any; I actually found money that I had saved up from a year ago as well as my money for school was released. 
Completed planner pages with rainbow theme and discovered that I am such a planner addict. 
i have help at home so i can have time to think and get some work done 
spontaneous and able to adapt to situations 
Cookie dough 
Breakfast with Cameron watching TV together 
(1) i savoured my environment, 
having the food at home we do that way I can eat and never go hungry. 
waking next to my partner 
1. 
I was able to clean and work on the house yesterday 
My aunt told me she loved me...not just for a gift but getting to visit with me 
went to see Danielle today and she was in good spirits 
Close family 
able to be home for the next month to cook meals for my family and to be home during halloween. 
cuddles with my son 
My cat Holly 
my husband who love, supports and cares for me. 
1. 
My son tried all the food on his plate and fed himself his yogurt. 
my home 
My Mother went on vacation 
Lord Ganesha loves me 
have a wonderful family and when life gets down we(family) kick it in gear to make things happen 
Grateful to have a vehicle to get the places I need to go and no longer having to depend on others for a ride. 
My mom picked me up from the station when I arrived late. 
Having time to myself to work on writing. 
School, graduated a few years ago 
Spending time with/helping Lynn 
new hairstyle--bangs 
A good run and no work after 
Going out, breathing fresh air. 
One thing that makes my life great is the work I have done in my field depiste the odds against me. 
that im not as bipolar as some people 
Mie texting me 
to my boyfriend for sticking up for me and for working through his issues so that we can enjoy each other once again. 
Being able to help someone who appreciated my time made me gratefull for my job. 
life healthchildren - healthy children - learning and becoming engaged peoplework 
to hear a bird singing and spot him and watch him while he is singing 
made a little bit more money today 
to have god in my life, 
1. 
Mikey! 
One thing that makes my life great is my love for drawing. 
My baby was squeaking to my cat who squeaked back 
My family 
A customer stopped me, and commented that she loved my laugh--she heard it from where I was in the store, and wanted me to share that with me. 
My husband: his presence, his love, his care for me 
I have healthy children whom I love a great deal. 
My coworkers are very compassionate and do their best to help me succeed 
Grateful my boss did not give me a lot of grief over my sprained ankle 
Having a lovely home 
That Tracey shared a laugh with me and understood how I'm feeling. 
The first thing that surprised me was, a stranger in the hallway said "Hey beautiful." 
The first thing that brightened my day was Noodle jumping into bed with me with a purr and cuddling as we fell back asleep. 
My boss is very supportive of my efforts with the CMS 
Sherry picking me up for a meeting. 
A text 
A student said a professional theatre would want to hire me as part of their professional company. 
Having good health, my sight, my intelligence, my hearing, my limbs and being able to walk, run, and do all the activities I love to do. 
My kids. 
seeing my daughter in the morning 
Heather came to visit, it was really nice reconnecting. 
Grateful for a home and healthy family 
my party went so well, and I was able to earn the products I really wanted and needed. 
my house is big enough for everyone to have their own beautiful personal space. 
Knowing that I was going to the gym after work 
they we are together 
make my life great. 
the love and support of my daughter. 
Sending and receiving messages to family members 
My husband got to stay home with me today. 
to have good friends, even if I don't connect as much as I would like to. 
My spouse. 
work went quickly and without any problems 
helping Jenna write her letter 
Being the first one at the office and getting a chance to sit and read the bible before the doors were opened 
john does the dishesmy cat has been the best companionI feel like John is listening to me moreI had the energy to take out trash and do laundryI've had the willpower to have five dry days in a row 
Talking with my mum who goes to surgery tomorrow 
I am employed and that I have a place to contribute my abilities and knowledge to a larger group. 
Ryan my kitchen manager was very vocal yesterday and the days before with his thank you to me. 
my friends and family are present and sharing on Facebook so we can stay connected frequently. 
a position to create art and have the support of my friends and family in doing so. 
my pups - they provide such entertainment, companionship, humor, love, joy 
know that I need only answer to myself and God. 
the food my family left here from their last visit. 
It was a beautiful day outside that I got to enjoy at lunch time. 
Caitlin complimented me and Justin's lifestyle 
We are doing renovations and I am so pleased with how they are going and how they look. 
My family and friends. 
Knowing I was home for day and could spend my time as I pleased. 
My preference got accommodated in scheduling 
don't have to worry about finding a new job for at least another year. 
sunshine 
being able to be present for my children's childhood, and for being able to provide them with shelter, good food, support, and endless love. 
my children 
Getting outside and sending the Western Union to Outmane. 
being able to take a nap with my boys today. 
Waking up this morning. 
my snake smiling at me when he saw i was awake 
the day was short due to the rain. 
That Nesby was home today which is always a positive when I have the day care. 
First and foremost I am grateful for my many blessings, my children, my family, my health. 
A thought that crosses my mind daily is that I am thankful for Ben. 
making a difference 
my family is alive and well. 
discovered that I had the ingredients for Pumpkin Fluff Dip! 
seeing that my aunt called me. 
I have a home to live in. 
having fun watching my puppy play with all 4 of my daughters puppy's 
drove to the stores where the back roads were to see the beautiful fall colors and enjoyed it. 
Waking up with weed. 
My first thing is my home itself. 
a nice place to live. 
Today I was grateful to have spent quality time training and learning about my career and job responsibilites with my Manager. 
my families health. 
My husband who listened to me cry on the phone and still told me he loves me 
My life, my survival, my God, 
1. 
Having love in my life. 
my mom was the first thing that ca brighten my day 
having a cup of coffee and having prayer 
Cleaning up my yard. 
Beach 
it was a beautiful sunny day 
planted my garden 
My sons girlfriend came and seen me brought my grandson kashen to see me ! 
Taylor said "hi baby" 
Greatful for my husband 
my husband 
Me permitir rir até não poder mais por causa de uma música idiota; 
the dogs are good. 
Being able to get the second to last dose of the flu shot, and how nice everyone at the pharmacy was. 
Evan's willingness to work overtime. 
Clean house 
had a wonderful weekend and today was able to sleep in again before a very busy workweek. 
the weather was beautiful. 
Took a shower, 
My first thing I am grateful for is Henry's quick recovery from his ear infection. 
Accomplishing chores swiftly (washing dishes and vacuuming) so that I don't have to bother with them later. 
I have lovely people that I've had the privilege of meeting. 
Seeing my sons beautiful smile! 
a son who always responds to the needs of others. 
returning to work and having someone... say glad you are back 
Carsten is the most amazing gift in my life. 
The students are wonderful 
my husband 
My daughter sent me a facebook black kitty in popcorn. 
Payday is this week, so don't have to worry much about money right now. 
Great supportive family and the best dog in the whole world. 
Coffee 
pulled together the necessary paperwork to move forward with a TPO against James if needed. 
my job - it's really fun to teach students who are happy to be in my class. 
Sleeping in and no obligations. 
Good therapy sessionWent to ParkDid text n Bible readingDid dishesGave jared dinnerMade grocery listPlanned for social eventsFinished good book 
DatingSis in law 
Loving Jehovah 
Dishes 
My husband-his thoughtful, caring heart 
my family sticking together. 
Isabel calling and being willing to ge together 
When my friends greeted me 
House is big enough for me and mom. 
Brian showed me that stand-up comedy routine on Netflix that made me crack up. 
Lots of love from Maebe this morning. 
my husband for helping me make our home life possible. 
did a good job...stayed on task and didnt stress out. 
1. 
Able to spend some quiet time relaxing at home 
Most grateful for Jesus & my faith. 
the K-Man takiing care of me 
my health 
Health 
Had a great lunch 
Finding time to get a slice of lemon cake. 
Giving a gift to a friend without a special occasion, but because I care for his happiness and well-being 
my husband 
My daughter being silly and cute. 
I got the hallway cleaned so we can walk safely through the house. 
No back pain 
1. 
My amazing kids who are funny, intelligent and interesting 
had a great brisque walk before work. 
Thinking about how my children have made new friends since we have moved and on their day off are socializing with these new friends. 
My dog loves me unconditionally. 
Donald, a guest at work 
first return customer of the day 
came home, fixed a healthy homecooked dinner, and enjoyed family time over the meal. 
The first thing to brighten my day was seeing Amelia run out to greet my mother and I as I dropped my mother off. 
Azalea and Abram, because they make me smile every day. 
Making other smile 
A nice cup of tea, candle lights, scented sticks and a nice meditation 
All the flowers from Kiirsten 
I can talk to my boyfriend about everything. 
Husband helps out a lot with baby. 
My Husband, my family, my friends and my animals 
Family 
My brother drove us to the airport this morning. 
1. 
Mijn fijne huis. 
being loved extensively by ma parents 
Got a missed call from an old friend and chat with him for awhile in whatsapp. 
children 
Phonecall 
My workmates and I pushed the union to increase our salaries by 50%. 
Seeing my cat Gumby and seeing my boyfriend before he had to go to work. 
wake up and i am alive 
my husband and all the love that he gives me. 
My life, and that of my family. 
recently found a good friend from high school on facebook. 
Studying for the bar exam 
1. 
The first thing that brightened my day was to hear dario say i love you and kiss me before leaving for work. 
my mom and the emotional support she gives me in my time of need. 
was able to clean up some of the house 
woke up refreshed 
had enough money to get a coffee to warm my hands during my walk. 
still haven't gotten them yet! 
My friend Adrienne meeting her funding goal for a new wig. 
being able to comfort Ev when she crashed on the swing 
my parents are always behind my ever changing mind and will support me with it 
my happy dog. 
Happy my boy is happy. 
My family and what they do for me. 
got to spend one on one time with Gary. 
a guy who doesn't care about me. 
a shower always helps me at least for a little while. 
Spent time with my son 
Family 
the Po from Kenworth 
People who say nice things to me 
The weather was nice out 
Picked me up from lunch on time 
My Animals 
able to work at home 
Talking with my Oldest Daughter today. 
well my biology teacher was really nice to me and was happy to listhen to me when i was upset and worried about stuff going on in my life 
Someone I like talking to me 
My husband takes good care of me 
Having a cup of warm lemon water and cuddling with Nicholas before work. 
my husband. 
Seth knew more about the amendments than I thought he would. 
my baby boy when he smiles 
My fella considered me before making a silly decision 
food and good children and my cat and being able to play video games to destress. 
A noisy student was absent today 
My sister called me just to see how my day was going. 
got some much needed sleep which helped my body heal from this bad cold i have...i'm feeling much better. 
I was able to wish Kerri a happy birthday before she left the office today, since I won't see her again until after she has a few days off. 
of a bad marriage, where I was constantly made to believe I was less than adequate and was emotionally, verbally and finally physically abused. 
my health is going to allow me to make my trip to florida to see my daughter. 
to have a husband that loves me so much.We work on woodworking crafts together and make great gifts for people. 
my son 
My daughter spent last week in the ICU. 
have a good job 
Waking up to a like on my picture on facebook. 
My family, dogs, friends and each day on this planet. 
my car didn't stall before i got to work 
Greatful that all of my crew showed up today plus one. 
Jeanne's help 
Having a job, albeit reduced hours and pay. 
The one thing that brightened my day was being able to have a break. 
my kids 
Seeing my roommate Scott 
Good children's books to sell. 
to have fresh flowers around the house! 
my mental health 
had a conversation with two people who are very special members of my church. 
My Boyfriend 
He wanted to surprise me by taking me to my favorite show. 
My daughter 
Morning prayer (even when I nod off) is a great way to start my day. 
1. 
My daughter waking up. 
Mu daughter - Madison Brooke 
the two kids in my life. 
my loving family,; husband, son, sisters, brother and parents. 
Connected with an old friend on Facebook and shared a memory... 
When my boyfriend called me hon it just makes me happy inside. 
Coffee with my brother 
Beau Rose woke up happy. 
to have a car to drive to get me to work. 
healthy family 
Creativity 
coffee 
the problems that was bothering my son has resolved itself without conflict. 
health 
Waking up with no pain and feeling awesome 
My girls seem content at the moment and ok with their circumstances. 
Nick hanging up his coat. 
all three of my cats were home this morning 
being off from work, leaving NYC, 
I dont have to clean as much anymore. 
when I led passengers to safety after the engine on our ship exploded... everyone in different stages of fear.... crying, screaming, praying, panic and pandemonium. 
my husband drove one hour to Birmingham to co-sign on my new car. 
don't have to worry about my relationship because it's rock solid. 
When I saw my dog this morning. 
my fiance organizes things. 
There seems to be the possibility of a new relationship between me and an old friend. 
Compliments about my skin 
I had the energy to get my bedroom done today. 
Friends 
tips 
the fog drive in 
1. 
When my son got home, he is always happy to see me, and he got his new book order today!!!!! 
My sweet cat laying next to me so content this morning. 
The kitchen is clean (by Daniel's hand)! 
my son went to his 2nd oreintation. 
my team at work knows about my home stress, and is doing everything they can to help me out. 
Yesterday a couple from our church came by with a lot of food for us. 
so grateful for my husband! 
waking up 
having my family close by 
Visiting my Granchildren 
My friendship with Nashwa. 
got my period after having my baby girl. 
Collin took the boys to get dinner so I could have down time. 
The company of my family 
1. 
There was food waiting for me in the fridge that I could easily heat up and eat after a long day at work. 
The kids that come into my classroom are always smiling, which makes me smile and feel good. 
the electrician came and I got some electrical work done around the house that will make things easier especially for my kids. 
The first thing that brightened my day today was seeing Von and her puppies come through the drive thru. 
dinner with Russel, 
The love of my husband! 
my husband 
polite neighbors 
childrenberlinparents 
visiting my old bni networking group as a visitor, made some good contacts 
so grateful my husband was able to spend the day with me today. 
Work used to be a HUGE stress source for me. 
My kitty cat always welcomes me at the door :) It makes me super happy and I talk to her like she's a person more than is probably normal. 
Met a new coworker who I've been wanting to meet because we've only communicated with via email before. 
Arriving at my new place of business 
some work would come my way 
It has been sunny 
Family Time 
my family 
My daughter got her self up and dressed this morning with no assistance from me. 
my grandson and his mother are happy and healthy. 
Went for a 8 mile walk (4 hrs) & finished 
When Ed called me at lunch and surprised me cause I didn't think we would be able to talk. 
My husband kindly cooked supper because i got home late. 
1. 
I am earning some money 
i asked my boss for a meeting to talk about my performance and how to improve. 
My husband and children make my life great. 
my boss gave me time this morning to go over my accounts, and also my emails I sent him. 
Hearing My husband's voice on the phone when I woke up this morning. 
my boyfriend who has been supportive of me especially over the last few days with moving. 
education: i always hated school. 
Planning to help a friend get his girlfriend flowers. 
john woke me up with sweetness and coffee 
Woke up with my sweetheart and we decided to spend the day together lounging at home. 
A playful unexpected email very early in the morning. 
meeting my grandson at his bus stop 
David. 
I am alive and trying to diet 
My kids Louie, Clint 
nothing 
Seeing my daughter smile in the morning. 
my baby laugh 
The thing that i am grateful for at home is that i was able to get up and get a lot of stuff accomplished such as getting izzy's health insurance fixed and her prescriptions filled. 
Shyanna and I learning the song Baby Mine by Bette Middler 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up. 
got a hug because I was missed when I returned to work. 
a visit with my friends (Momma G and Dianne) today. 
One thing that makes my life great is my creative ability. 
Got my daughter her mini. 
Got to see friends 
I am alive and have what more than we realize have alot more than others, and I am alive, getting stronger and want to be a better person in a way that others see without me saying or doing nothing. 
Seeing and kissing my husband before I left for work. 
Shelby was helpful 
my son because he cares about me. 
got to work out twice today. 
I have a comfortable home that I share with two great little dogs that bring me nothing but comfort and joy 
Friends 
got to see my mom and dad today. 
Getting to see Malaki excited at the circus 
my cat 
Heather is always there for me. 
gardening 
I have a job, I have been unemployed in the past and was so afraid that I would not find a job. 
My kids make my life great! 
to be employed with work that is challenging and pays good. 
Anjela text messages and caring about my letter writing 
when i saw my husband first thing in morning 
spending time with God. 
my mentor and team - Nick thinking enough of me to want me to be a SDA for his team 
my two loving parents who provide a roof and gas money for me. 
xmas music 
Waking up knowing I would have eggs, milk, butter (all stuff I haven't had in awhile. 
my co worker accompanied me for a delivery without fussing over it. 
going to buy flowers for my grandmother and mother to celebrate my moms birthday and to show I care for my grandmother 
the rain 
living in kelowna 
My Son 
my kids are healthy 
Mickey made dinner. 
Hannah's kindness and hope 
ally laying in bed with me 
Moving into an apartment from a travel trailer and knowing that I will be able to see my grandkids more often and being just down the road from the recreation center and library 
My beautiful daughter iris and her health and happiness. 
The first thing that brightened my day was learning that a friends son is getting help from a recommendation that I gave her to try for him. 
My husband and family 
Jermaine visited me to get me to walk thru what he needed to do and I felt he had an interest in getting it done. 
Money 
breakfast with my kids 
1. 
Loved! My boyfriend takes care of me when I'm sick. 
My sweet brother wanted ME 2 go fishing with him!! 
felt a little better physically. 
I still have friends despite my severe depression. 
My friends and family -- they provide so much encouragement and strength. 
my husband got a letter from the DMV, he has been waiting for this news makes me super excited for him and for me. 
chicken noodle soup and hot toddies for this cold! 
Kids running up the stairs to greet me. 
getting to see my mother 
Pumpkin pancakes for breakfast. 
Kids are doing well at school. 
My kids were very good getting ready for school this morning. 
Beatrix holding my arm so tenderly as we went into school. 
Got insurance taken care of 
Someone complimented me on my shoes 
The first thing that brightened up my day was to touch base with a friend who lives in another state. 
Waking up to my children this morning 
Randy is in a good mood today. 
the opportunity to learn and grow at my workplace 
have a home to go to- it's comfortable 
Seeing Amy's house decorated for Halloween and helping her out with some of the tasks 
I have a cute house in a great neighborhood. 
the (always!)positive greetings by my employee as I arrived at work. 
Pam, Mom's friend, gave me a baby shower gift off my registry. 
My husband made me dinner. 
my husband. 
My cat walking on top of me, purring, waking me up. 
have a nice house in a lovely neighborhood. 
My family. 
My cat meowing and purring. 
John is home from the hospital 
Jan listens to me when I have to vent. 
That i'm healthy and so are the ones I love 
talking with Jeff about databases 
got the bathroom clean! 
My mom 
The sun was out and it was a beautiful, crisp Fall day. 
A LITTLE BETTER THIS MORNING 
My husband 
Bohb 
the 45 minutes Helen and I spent last night on her couch. 
Knowing I had a new and dependable car sitting in my garage! 
Waking up to my family everyday. 
My dog being home. 
The first thing that brightened my day was being able to take a nap in between my classes 
my son only woke up once during the night, because that allowed me to get a little more sleep than usual. 
1. 
Playing Table tenis 
watched sons first thing this am 
Thankful for My husband and his encouragement & kisses & affection. 
my wonderful friends. 
Working at home 
My son is still in recovery 
All of us are pretty healthy. 
woke up to Greg pulling me closer to hold me...along with a little fun grab :) 
Massage 
We shopped for a couple of days and now we have food again, yay! 
Looking for and buying a house (it's bought and wonderful) 
My Children-they are sweet, smart and loving 
conversation was started with Henry 
being alive to give my life a positive turn 
Corey volunteered to help me look for the marriage certificate the second that I walked in the door and said I couldn't find it. 
GOT UP AND WORKED OUT EVEN WHEN I WASN'T SCHEDULED TO 
gratitude 
Ben takes care of the chores I hate doing. 
Baby roberman 
waking up next to josh. 
good health for my kids 
1. 
have a creative drive to change my immediate environment using only what I have. 
to have a beautiful roof over my head that I share with my grandmother. 
my husband. 
family who are there when times are tough. 
Early night 
my sister and mother and to have had such a giving loving dad 
have my mom and brother here with me 
Trent made time to talk to me about our problems and we got close together for it and shared a laugh or two 
That people that show that they care are pretty genuine. 
didn't get into a car accident 
That my para is very very helpful 
Having co-workers that help do day to day duties 
dan demars 
do caring things for others 
My friend came to visit me today. 
My son 
Having coffee with my husband 
My coworkers were extra sweet today 
My old dog has more energy. 
My clothes were put away 
my boyfriend told me he loves me 
Being told I was best for the students I tutor, so they were going to stop seeing their other tutors. 
got a lot of cleaning done today 
very grateful for my children. 
baby 
alive 
seeing how everyone liked the elephant i made last night 
got some sleep 
Feeding my Kitties 
feel much better today 
1. 
seeing my nephew 
I could get up this morning 
The continued grace of God on in my life. 
waking up in a good mood 
1. 
children 
My family My kids were in a good mood my husband was helpful and both grandmas took the kids out . 
This beautiful home 
Fun time with my daughters 
The girls being nice and respectful when the police officer pulled us over. 
was able to cook dinner tonight uninterrupted. 
second chances, I know not too many people get them. 
I had time to enjoy painting today. 
I am to have enough money to buy groceries and things that are very important to the growth of my children's minds and bodies 
Nick and the kids. 
Talking to my friend Ellen who had suggestions for me about how to get more connected in my new apartment. 
having 3 healthy kids 
My Family 
waking up with my family 
My kids 
slowly getting my lawn looking better 
My kids when they give me attitude or think they know it all and do not listen to me 
Bill gave me a compliment on how I was performing this year 
One of the things that makes my life great is my ability to create art. 
my sister, & her sending me care packages. 
so grateful to have a husband who takes such good care of me, & who loves me so much. 
We've accepted that we cannot afford a car. 
Judy left me Skittles in my locker. 
Meditation heals negative thoughts and for this I am grateful. 
boyfriend complimented me 
Yesterday was a warmer day. 
Student had a good day and smiled for the first time in weeks 
My 3 Amazing Daughters 
my children 
was able to help my son with his school club. 
A nice man in the grocery store helped me put groceries in the basket. 
My daughter, my mom and my family. 
Not having to pay my overdue book fee. 
I have a roof over my head. 
have enough food in the house to feed my family healthy, balanced meals 
grateful, that we have food to eat. 
laying in bed with my husband and doggie. 
haven't had many bright days lately 
helping others 
my two older boys who jumped right in to help me where needed as I am dealing with a not-at-fault car accident that totaled my car and banged me up a bit. 
my boss's understanding, patience, and respect. 
married to my best friend, who loves and supports me for who I am, through good times and bad. 
Enjoyed lunch with my lady friends 
wokr up rested 
exercise 
the firm I work for 
Talking to my husband 1st thing in the morning. 
Getting phone calls from recruiters about possible new jobs 
wi-fi and being able to connect and work from home. 
Today, I was finally able to get to the gym...alone. 
My son's blood sugars were okay so far today 
Hearing good morning from a loved one 
My son, John, said,"I love you". 
waking up late 
my old boss hasn't confronted me 
looking at my husband,s eye,s and hearing him say he loves me. 
the kids 
The stuggles that I had in childhood 
The Chicken Almond Sandwich I had at Pandera's along with the Halloween cookie was good 
saw an old friend yesterday. 
JD went over my CDP with me. 
Waking up next to Rog. 
My friend came looking for me to tell me hello 
my loving, supportive husband who helped me see that things were going to work out at my new job. 
Grateful for my friend Leslie and her help she has always given when I needed it. 
the things that I have and the people around me. 
had a great talk with my man. 
to have my son. 
Not worried about the bad relationship I was in... 
Getting my own office and a window again!!! :-) 
made it to the gym! 
Figured out what to do for the grant application 
JuicerReally wanted to be able to make my own juices!Saving money on making my own juices. 
My home. 
Painting the floor 
Well, since it has snowed at least 6 inches today and was pouring snow when I woke up I was and am very thankful that I have my basic needs met. 
woman helped me with getting my library card information 
One of my housekeepers told me she was praying for me. 
the time I got to spend with Nick and Isabella today. 
crystal got ready for school on time 
Having a home 
A big hug from my son 
my son 
have a good job with good pay and benefits. 
Helping my kids with homework. 
My loving husband. 
Well today is my birthday, n I went n visited a old friend of mine that I haven't seen in awhile, n her & I n my son all 3 went out for lunch, at McDonalds, n it tasted good for a change, n my son took pictures of us n himself it was a GREAT DAY. 
Hunter got released from the hospital,he is better yay!! 
getting in touch wiht resources to help with my depression 
seeing my daughter's school pictures 
Jake made me laugh with that link he shared. 
Getting a little of the work done that I needed to do. 
My unemployment came 
I get to travel to KC where work is less stressful than Chicago 
The little songs Ambrose sings all the time, with humming or the same word over and over or just nonsense words. 
A friend putting his arm around my shoulder, though I froze. 
less pain than usual in my tooth 
some old pictures that made me re-live good moments in my life. 
being in remission for 16 years. 
My son greeting with a smile and a hug telling me how much loves me 
My job 
my kids. 
got all of the babies toys picked up and the living room finally looks like a comfortable place. 
seeing my beautiful daughters face. 
Talking to my mom on the phone and telling her about how much I loved Kettlebell Kitchen and being excited about how I think it will benefit my diet. 
my mom because she always listens to me and obviously cares about me a great deal. 
my scrapbooks because they bring back so many great memories and remind me of the things I am capable of accomplishing with focused effort. 
have a great support system at work, one of my co-workers always pitches in when I need help. 
Aja answered me right away after I text her asking her to send me a positive message to make me feel better this morning. 
My son gave me a kiss before he went to school. 
morning coffee 
cat cuddled with me in the morning 
have my health with no major health problems so I am capable of working enough to make enough to see that my family have what they need to make them happy 
got my desk cleaned. 
friends 
getting a text from my husbands saying good morning 
I have a job. 
was able to get outside and walk 
Luna didn't get too hurt when she hit her head. 
baby ducks 
my health, 
my loving and supportive family and friends 
My mom 
The house is clean and beautiful 
my faith and my church family and friends. 
my husband 
My children 
Seeing my doctor and getting to schedule my knee surgery 
Making my kids a good lunch to take to school. 
waking up to a new day 
My beautiful Children :) 
My husband 
Being able to come home at eat dinner quickly since we made 3 dishes Monday. 
made the choice to go to a meeting instead of staying home. 
The first thing that brightened my day was being sick bc I decided to go back to sleep after trying for hours to get ready. 
Spending time with my kitten 
the food we had for dinner 
sold over 1000 points today! 
getting some sleep today and my back not hurting 
breakfast 
The sun shining and going for a walk- singing and skipping- with my son. 
I have a roof over my head 
My puppy waking up and listening to her yawn 
my house is warm and that my husband cut all the wood to keep the woodstove going. 
My husband dried my hair for me because I was so sleepy and he didn't want me to have bad hair in the morning. 
had a nice quiet day that I could relax and enjoy.I made good progress on the divorce and house search. 
Dinner was prepared when I got home from work 
Walking the dogs 
Being asked to work for insurance during the slow period at work. 
having healthy children that behave in public. 
Telling my Husband Good Morning. 
Friends that are closer than family. 
my kids because they are my backbone. 
Wearing one of my favorite dresses and red pumps. 
My WifeMy kidsMy dogs 
God brought our son into our lives. 
seeing my boyfriend 
Had a wonderful meeting with Brayden's teacher 
being the ejwnagg 
Annie finishing her homework with minimal difficulty. 
no mail today - no bills today! 
me and my family's good health. 
Helping a patient take a shower 
leo 
The love of my husband, his patient, nurturing way, his gentle, kind, and loving soul. 
My MIL watched my son until I got home from work. 
Waking up and having coffee with my sweetie. 
Talking with Mike 
a comfortable beda cozy homea beautiful backyard 
was able to get dinner make on time 
The first thing that brightened my day was Sydnee waking up at 1am giggly and oh so gassy. 
my healthy diet, exercise and focus on the present. 
I got out of bed and went to the Sawtooth for Ceramics with Po-Wen Hui. 
woke up early and found the little miss kitty sleeping next to me. 
His ability to be positively sarcastic when things are going really crappy. 
My Iphone button actually worked today. 
How he does try to show he cares in his way - this morning I woke up to a clean kitchen. 
quiet moments on the swing, reading to my sons. 
Receiving support from Tom. 
Kissing my fiance in the morning 
my three wonderful children. 
Simon and I got along without any big meltdowns. 
Having finally gotten my truck. 
Waking up to my husband 
gifts from m. 
Boss helping me complete my goal 
Cutting up with Sarah and Isaac at work. 
Fiona was pleased to see me when I brought her shoes to school - hug & kiss in front of her classmates 
Dr. said mom is not ready for hospice 
to have Deanna in my life, with her continued support and patience with me as I get myself pulled together. 
The fact that I have loving family who accept me for who I am makes my life great. 
my family: I love my children and grandchildren very much. 
Seeing Brandon and Madison 
Handling stress with my ex husband. 
getting to work to find my boss still too drunk to come in 
hearing my son say bye mom i love u see u after school 
Will get together w/ a friend tomorrow night. 
Overall health is in balance ... 
Grateful to have finished the grocery shopping for the family 
Kameron and Shane 
My church and God 
A very late project is no longer in my life 
I was able to take Aurelia downstairs and give her some milk and she calmed down after having a tantrum. 
Getting a job. 
My kids 
The cats 
Josh didn't get mad and freak out on me when I went in to talk to him tonight. 
to stay in baed 
talking with a student. 
Nichole sent pictures of the new baby. 
each day when I get home, my pets are happy to see me. 
The sun shiningTalking to my daughtersTalking to my husbandMy dogs 
Grateful for the people who are open to being sincere and sharing feelings with one another in a thoughtful way. 
want to come work for you-Bo 
i have a room to work in. 
Congress reopened 
Today my friend came by for coffee in the morning and I got to catch up with his vacation. 
Well it seems odd to say it isn't a stressor, because it is a form of grief and sadness, but we put my sweet dog Rosie to sleep on Friday and now I don't stress about how she i s coping with each day and whether or not she is having a panic attack because nobody is home. 
My whole family came together and made Thanksgiving dinner for me since I have been waiting to have surgery. 
finished a scrapbook page for baby book 
having a job 
Calling the lawn guy and having him do same-day services 
the worldwide brotherhood that I am a part of. 
My old dog greeting me and wiggling her tail 
my kids and family 
family 
wanted to cancel moms eye appointment, and not go. 
The sun shining. 
Tamme called me and wants to get together, that made me happy and it's something to look forward to. 
finished my math homework. 
no one died. 
My sister and her husband came over to hang out for a little bit and I cooked them soup that they loved 
got a very important date with someone to change and do what I love. 
when the light flickered an i thought i was communicating with my grandma:) 
Today, I am grateful for my GOD... and His grace and mercy... for keeping me when I didn't want to be kept. 
E, A, and I had a great dinner together. 
the wonderful fall weather that has finally arrived. 
The plumber showing up and fixing the leaky faucet first thing, quickly and without me lifting a finger. 
knowing I did a good job caring for my client and making her feel comfortable 
My trade entry was perfect as was my exit. 
Laughing and cuddling with J.C. in the morning 
Always telling me what I need to hear, and not what I wish to hear. 
Grateful to wake up and be healthy and see my family healthy, happy and taken care of. 
don't have a husband that doesn't want to work or just quits his job leaving it up to me to do everything. 
My car- At the time we only had one car and it wasn't in very good condition. 
My husband was more attentative and we flirted which was out of the norm since we normally argue or don't talk much. 
Whitney asked me to help in a creative project and the results were great. 
nice time in the morning without fight. 
Cats stampeding into my room in the morning to greet me. 
A happy Birthday text from Tony 
Waking up and seeing my daughter in a good mood. 
my family :D 
A thank you card given with a lunch card from a person i returned a lost and found item to. 
My kids love me and miss me when i am at work 
time spent doing domestic activities that are so often neglected due to a hectic work schedule. 
I woke up 
Found a Boston fern at a half price which will freshen the air, be safe for kitty and look lush brightening the room. 
we got started on insulating our windows for the winter. 
Waking up to see that I was still alive and so was my children. 
The first thing that brighten my day today was getting a phone hug from my Aunt Mae Etta. 
really grateful for all the things that I take for granted for instances: running water, electricity, food, shelter, transportation, safety, clean water, all the other amenities that make my life easy. 
They said i was a great sub. 
Cleaning up the bathroom and or redecorating around the living room 
Beautiful day outside. 
That my oldest dog is still here with me. 
cleaned house 
Being provided money to buy things I need and want for myself and others all week long. 
no longer drink alcohol, best choice of my life. 
woke up after a great night of sleep, ready to take on the day :) 
my few, but precious friends who help me stay centered. 
Dennis. 
my little home and enough money to buy everything we need. 
my job 
My husband was willing to help me with some important work. 
The cats are always there for cuddling 
My husband 
to connect with the mom's at Violet's 3rd bday party. 
The girls at work were not pissed off about the events of yesterday like i was worried they would be. 
managing the new account, town and country. 
My resilience is almost childlike in its renewed depth every morning. 
my children. 
my life 
Start my day with a good devotional, prayer; spending time with God 
didn't have to do very much outside of my office today. 
Colin gave me a hug 
Waking up to the sun shining. 
1. 
Woke up early, peeped out the window to see the sunshine, got back into bed and said thank. 
woke up to a man who says he loves me very much. 
A friend whom i thought is angry with me, talked to me. 
had time in the middle of the day to read some of a favourite book and have a coffee in the sunshine. 
have a job. 
Where I live 
Photos with Maj 
Craig cleaning house last night and Seth's shoes. 
we've sold almost everything at the gas station. 
food 
Jared took Giddy to the vet so I wouldn't have to! 
Tumultuous relationship? 
made sure Jared got up in time to leave for work on time, and I wasn't crazy stressed about it. 
the first thing that brightened my day was waking up to Ben my little dog that is always so happy to see me and be with me 
the animals that i have and the joy they bring 
Jake complimented my outfit today and I made him laugh with some goofy dance moves. 
secure at my home and have a comfortable living space that I can enjoy to myself. 
Matt texted me yesterday to follow-up on the previous conversation; he apologized again and it showed me that he was thinking about me and didn't want this to ruin the friendship we could have. 
Today I woke up early, even though I didn't feel enthused about it, and went to the gym for 30 minutes of cardio. 
Loyalty. 
my wonderful, supportive husband 
don't have to worry about communicating with S anymore. 
My husband wishing me a happy birthday 
my new home and the space that it provides! 
my way to work - School bus was ahead of us - waving to kids made them smile so did I, which changed my mood of my work load at work 
Paul 
Holly brought cake into work for us to share. 
A good conversation with an elder. 
Took a walk in the nice weather 
beautiful 
Having my animals....they relax me & bring me a lot of laughs! 
The first thing that brightened my day was chaplin coming to join me in relaxation. 
Dennis complimented me on my speed going back from Drinkwater Flats. 
1. 
good coffee 
Free breakfast at Grandview 
My healthy beautiful son 
Getting home before the sun sets 
a partner that takes such good care of me and my home. 
free from worrying about my SO making bad decisions that have a catastrophic effect on my physical, mental, and financial well being. 
Its a sunny day 
woke up early had my coffee in peace. 
Peace in my home, living just the two of us. 
The first thing that brightened my day was to help mom get to the doctor 
received a phone call for an interview I have been waiting for. 
my brother in law called & had my granddaughter come play with his soccer game tonight. 
I'm working out my relationship with my partner.I 
having a healthy, beautiful daughter that motivates me every morning to start the day. 
My father is healthy 
My husband cuddling with me before he went to work...he does this every morning...it's amazing 
having a lovely family who are always there for me, supporting me and helping me in all aspects of my life. 
My day would not be complete without my four legged fur balls They help keep me calm and bring me great peace! . 
The kitten sat on my lap AND PURRED 
Having co-workers I can also call friends 
what I do 
Interacting with one of my customers and she said she really enjoyed chatting and got my business card. 
My family, my husband loves me, I have 2 great kids, and we are surviving, we are doing ok. 
Stepping outside this morning and the sky was blue, it was crisp out but not cold, it felt good 
Seeing good progress with one of my students. 
my favorite radio station came in today and they made me smile. 
a close friend came and visited me today. 
not having to walk to work 
Husband made me tea 
The first thing that brightened my day was conquering the candy crush level I've been stuck on :) 
knowing that les held me close the night before 
A partner that is supportive 
Bosses working with me on timelines. 
Aaron came over last night 
my 7th grader made the B honor roll today!! :) 
Saw a video on cats taking over dog's beds. 
was able to get ahold of Staci ... wish her a happy birthday and was able to be there to support her while she goes through marital problems.... 
Grandchildren 
My Children 
have a home 
to be alive 
got a good score on my recent essay in English and my teacher sincerely complimented my writing skills. 
I was able to negotiate payments on most of our bills. 
My husband offered to take the kids to school 
My Sweetie/Soul-mate. 
was able to go to a job that toke me a long time to get. 
It was a beautiful fall day. 
get to perform. 
My daughter made me laugh. 
the sun was out 
My children and their health 
Grateful for a happy and healthy family. 
That everyone made it home safely. 
My children 
my children 
having three healthy children. 
My husband passed the CDl test. 
delicious food 
Taking a walk with my son. 
My new cat 
Anastasia being with her 
my energy today - I was able to organize and clean the house without getting too distracted by other things. 
woke up and got dress for work..I didnt take meds 
Going to the gym. 
a husband that can fix things and does stuff that saves us from having to hire someone and pay out money. 
seeing poppy 
my daughter came for a nice visit 
My daughter came to have dinner 
woke up and realized I had slept thru the night without getting up a million times. 
My Son Eric 
my husband's insistence, I got to have special breakfast with my son today at an awesome restaurant where the staff always remembers us and is happy to see us. 
My little guy. 
Seeing my little boys face as I woke him up for school 
heat 
coffee 
my boo cooked me dinner. 
have the most supportive mother and sister and grandparents and they always try to support me. 
The new friends I made. 
Not working full time or part time and have the freedom to decide what to do each day. 
emergency at work with cardiac problems such as chest pain or even cardiac arrest 
My life 
my family. 
Seeing my daughter every morning 
Keeping my daughter with me 
don for being here and being supportive 
my daughter 
Waking up. 
a God that loves me. 
My job 
My son smiling and happy to see me when he woke up. 
my warm home 
waking up . 
my son and how much I love him and that loves me too. 
A lovely night with a new friend last night, I need new good memories and optimism for the future. 
recieved an A on exam 
Getting out of work 
slept almost the whole nite 
My best friend popped in and we watched a sermon together and chatted about positive things happening in our lives. 
My horses, my friends and my garden. 
A beautiful farm in a lovely area with lots of animals and garden space 
This morning it was wonderful to see Zentiss in the morning and meet her smile with a smile and a happy greeting as I signed in. 
My co-worker helping so much! 
don't have to worry about dating. 
things are getting better financially even though it feels slow and so scary 
was waking up to see my children this morning was great 
my partner. 
don't have to worry about having a boss that is difficult to work with! 
to have wonderful friends who I can listen to, who listen to me, and be there for each other emotionally. 
receiving a hug from a co-worker 
enjoyed the mums on the way to work 
Seeing my son. 
My family and my home. 
Darrell is fixing my garage door for me. 
don't have to stress about the Bar Exam!! 
didn't sleep super late or take a nap so I don't feel like I wasted the day! 
My husband is supportive and awesome. 
having people that I like at work 
Alsyon Grove. 
My husband's warm smile and hug <3 
A customer told me that I should be working for MAC. 
Maggie was by my side all day and behaved very well why I was working on my homework 
don't have to worry about dying in a recliner now that my ex is my ex. 
My daughters smile 
seeing my daughter's 
Outing with coworkers I enjoy being around 
sunshine shining through bay window. 
My Sean E Bones, Hes my biggest supporter and best friend and I dont know what I would do without him 
my wonderful husband that is understanding in my disabilities and doesn't make me feel inadequate for not working outside the home. 
Mom came over. 
My daughter came down stairs in a good mood. 
my church family ... If not for them I really would be at a point where I had no one to talk to about things 
A work friend sending me messages even though he is busy makes me smile 
Enough money to buy food and pay the rent. 
Happy children 
my daughter money travel 
have a good friend that took good care of my daughter while I cleaned. 
I was able to get Matthew the medical attention that he needed today. 
The SLP-A that I work with because she is excited about the field, is brave and dependable. 
Roof Over My head 
Figuring out how to sort the stuff the client brought in into a coherent mess 
god woke me up 
My husband got me Chinese food and an ice cream cake for my birthday. 
spent time watching movies with my son 
1. 
My husband is very loving towards me 
Chatting with my brother 
My English professor was't angry that I was late for an exam, nor when I was the last to finish. 
my kids 
I get to still be friends with both Erica and Maddy. 
When I visited my previous work place people smiled and recognized me with warmth. 
flexible job 
have a dog that loves me. 
started my job today. 
Food 
diner was on time 
It was nice of Eric to come over twice today and check on the floor to make sure Tomas had done it right. 
Thank you so much for my wonderful job, people are very funny friendly and coopertaive 
my grandchildren 
good colleagues 
my daughter is continuing her education and going to college. 
Positive thoughts and smile by lover 
Grateful to awake this morning, grateful for my senses, and determination to go on in life. 
Waking up next to my spouse 
When my parents were so angry that I did not perform well during my 2nd P.U Exams. 
My husband is the world to me. 
waking up every morning and being able to see, hear,think, move, feel,speak,and smell 
Gym 
got some inspiration in the tube 
My grandpa pic ,which blessed me for the day. 
had a coffee with a friend whom I want to introduce to a former colleague for a potential business partnership. 
Friends went to the water park yesterday with me and my son 
a beautiful wheather , colourful autum. 
snapper for dinner 
I can look at the sun whenever I want to. 
the order from justice roshan dalvi on 20 th nov 
family - O's hug, see Oma 
youth 
spoke with my mother on the phone for an hour this morning. 
The first thing that brightened my day was having coffee. 
Holly bought me coffee 
My brother texted me yesterday that he admires me a lot, and that he feels proud of me. 
Het redden van een geitje uit het water 
My colleague took time to review my cv and cover letter. 
i have the opportunity of studying medicine I'm grateful because even thought its been hard I'm stronger everyday . 
Smart 
so grateful to be pregnant with my son Jackson and super happy that his arrival is growing near. 
I woke today to my beautiful boy! 
gartful for being alive and have anice family 
having food 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I woke up before 8 o'clock. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up in my comfortable safe home knowing that my parents were here. 
ég er þakklát fyrir að sólveig viji standa sig betur í skólanum 
1. 
Finding a house - we moved into a great home last year, after several years of off and on home shopping, which was seriously stressful! 
1. 
Loving - Figured out why I was mopey when I got home and gave me hugs and support 
1. 
1. 
Having time to pursue creative/personal interests. 
Nice email when I woke up from a friend. 
my husband and I are talking again 
The first thing that brightened my day was that it was sunny and warm 
Waking up in the morning with this in mind: I was able to talk with my thesis adviser yesterday and she gave me the assurance that I WILL DEFINITELY GRADUATE! 
my parents provide my needs 
no more lectures to review 
my bestfriend' birthday is on saturday and we're gonna have a reunion! 
Crossfit 
Time with my friend, Jean. 
connected to a guy and we're going for a drink tonite.Coolthank you 
First time I had sex...yeah well so what? 
when my customers come in with machine issues and I am able to help them. 
to have both kids in school today so that I can have some time for myself. 
1. 
A few moments alone with my wonderful wife. 
Made it to work today on time after getting elias ready 
was saying good morning and snuggling with my son. 
I get peaceful and quite time on my own 
David will do any task I ask him to do and is eager to help however he can. 
my sisters. 
Yesterday, I aced the social studies pre-test so I didn't have to take it today. 
made my aunt happy by putting on Doctor Who. 
got good sleep. 
My happy puppy. 
Recorded huge wins in the market. 
having a home and my bills being paid on time. 
The first thing that brightened up my day is waking up fully rested and getting to work on time to grab breakfast. 
Told him to move out 
having dinner with Lynne 
getting up early and taking sasha for a walk 
My husband and kids 
My Family 
Alaina didn't have school - got to get more rest 
got to walk around the office park with Chris and Jill Batchelder's little girl. 
Tony really held me and hugged me. 
have nobody holding me back. 
my husband taking the time to go pick out pumpkins with me at the pumpkin patch. 
My snow globe my godfather gave me. 
my children, healthy and happy 
people cared to call and help me for my problem 
the sun was shining 
knew what I was doing on my Biology test 
having great friends 
The message from JP 
A lovely person choosing to run with me and support me 
Мамина поддержка 
regretful for having the nicest boyfriend in the world. 
Finished my work assignment before deadline. 
finding this web site today. 
Sacoches ont gardé contact 
the hard work that I have put in while being short of staff 
had fun playing ball with all the guys 
treated myself to a yummy rainbow omelet with red, yellow and green peppers. 
my parents coming to visit me 
decided to decline a stressful family gathering 
my beautiful, healthy, smart, kind and wise sons. 
was able to fix my car 
My husband and my son put together my new office chair for me - I was very grateful for that. 
My boyfriend told me "Have a good day". 
woke up earlier than usual 
seeing my girlfriend laying beside me 
found this website and signed up, took a first step to feeling happier. 
Time alone in the house without the guys here. 
my necklaces being repaired & the ability to have them repaired 
Cats 
The first thing that brightened my day was knowing my Best Friend was coming to hang out and have fun. 
going to a concert 
no longer have to stress about applications. 
the new book I am reading 
nothing brightened my day. 
woke up., 
working on the deadwood trees on my property.I felt my body responding too the exertion.My mind clearing,and focusing.It was great! 
I have a friend that is truly my advocate. 
got to spend the morning with a good friend. 
finished a book today, which always makes me feel accomplished. 
Eating food to give me energy 
Received a really lovely hand- written note with my parcel, written by the member of staff who took my delivery details on Thursday. 
My loving husband 
was positive still with so many negativity 
Spending some time with James. 
hugging my dog in the morning 
Made friends with another resident 
Texts from friends 
seep of sunlight falling on my face 
the first thing that brightend my day was when i got to help my mom throw the traash away, cause the weather felt nice. 
It rained today, I like rain 
to God for life, my two children and I am also grateful for the positive people that God has bless me to meet, they have being some great mentors. 
reviews of the beer we made were really good 
Money 
helping people 
spending a Saturday with hailee and friends enjoying our time. 
Lunch with Jennifer 
have got a supportive and caring showroom manager that has my back 
Waking up calm and with positive thoughts in my head 
my son had success yesterday. 
My family, my boyfriend, my love for life, the things around me 
played basketball.....kind of reduced my stress.... 
refused to be sad and got moving 
Theodore, Nick, Olive, and Udon. 
the things i have. 
he replied to my message 
Kirstie - She is always a source of fun and is very easy to be around. 
having good wife and wonderful kids 
My dog licking my face good morning 
snuggled with my husband first thing. 
the fact that I have a computer to at last sort out my life. 
My healthy smoothie breakfast 
My kooky family. 
my parents who brought me up in a really good life and made me do the impossible because now I am achieving a lot of my dreams. 
God woke my family and I up this morning, therefore we are all blessed and highly favored !!!! 
The fact that I managed to fix on the back gate with only three attempts. 
working the register and not in betty's 1 yesterday at work. 
Relaxed over a cup of coffee @ starbucks 
My daughter made me breakfast 
talking to some friends 
was grateful to my co-workers who gave me a thankyou note. 
The most stressful event in my life was when my mom was hospitalized and was in intensive care. 
to myself and I love myself because I don't try to be like others or imitate others. 
The thing which makes my life great as of today is my job. 
me possessing leadership 
to have a goal to achive 
dave bought me a cup of tea in bed 
having a place to live and food to eat. 
Being somewhat financially stable. 
when i woke up and breakfast was already made 
vacuuming the apt. 
Visiting my Abuelita at the hospital when she saw me she grabbed my face and kissed my check and gave me a little smile. 
to have a house, it is not a home 
My puppy 
my parents who are constantly reminded me to do the things I know I need to do. 
The first thing that I did that made me smile was get out my camera and take pictures of some of the trees and water in the area. 
A child feels better 
knowing my partner had a good day 
dinner 
Doing gardening with my mother 
I got to have a nice night with Julie 
alive 
Talked to ellen w 
The women cyclists in the coffee shop..one spoke to me with energy about her ride! 
Getting a good night's sleep 
Work went smoothly. 
began to conquer the toy room mess while the kids had fun playing. 
Seeing Sarah and Nathan this morning 
John was able to come today and get us started on the deck. 
abcdefgfi 
Having my family besides me. 
Having good time with my children each evening. 
babys smile 
Eli brought me food and hugged me. 
My bf 
Little workout at gym 
The freedom to think - they have given me the space to just sit down and think, space in the form of my own room and in the form of my own study. 
Hvaležna sem, ker me je Jaka danes pustil popolnoma pri miru. 
the constant support, love and affection and care from my parents. 
got free tea from an unknown guy from my English 101 class. 
Having best husband in the world, nice home, good kids 
Discussing new business ideas and getting some lessons from my dad. 
My best friend send me pictures of her two weeks old baby. 
getting a text off a friend 
Spending time with my children this morning before they went to school. 
my loving husband. 
The first thing that brightened my day was when my mom let me stay home from school today 
Jenny's postcard - lovely red envelope which made me smile and almost cry of happiness. 
Having an adorable dog who follows me everywhere and loves me unconditionally 
Waking up in my newly bought home!! 
We have Food to cook and eat 
Getting a mani/pedi and some much needed girl time. 
People liked my Facebook entry 
Having my Auntie Maura make me feel safe, loved and like I belong. 
the end of high-school I realized fully and explained to my parents I was attracted to not just boys but girls as well. 
Stoner is going to HEB for me. 
My brother wants to hangout with me and is worried about me. 
My beautiful and amazing daughter 
I have my husband and his family. 
My DAD. 
really grateful for my gorgeous wife 
Pierce the veil, sleeping with sirens, etc 
Spending an amazing weekend in nature and observing the most beautiful flowers and how clever nature is i painting its landscape 
I really love my new sofa! 
1. 
Being able to take care of my home n my own 
my friend called today to tell me she laughs everytime she walks by one of her halloween decorations that i put in a funny pose. it makes me happy that i'm making someone laugh often in a day. 
the woman at the doctor's office gave me a quarter to add to the parking meter 
my progress with studies so far and for the fact the everyday i'm becoming a better person. 
Hugging my husband 
my whole family is alive 
My health 
completed tasks on time 
Safety 
Being a mother makes my life great 
help kids associate better with each other.My wife really does love me.I love my family, and get along pretty well with each member of it. 
my children, JR and Nikki and how they are doing in their lives. 
Sunshine 
My daughter's face and smile. 
give 
dont have a lot of work 
The first thing that brightened my day was my mom decided to come along with me to my fingerprinting appointment, just so I'd have some company. 
cross country practice, we talked about the exciting week we are going to have preparing for Semi-State and we talked about travel plans and activities for the Semi-State race this weekend. 
Henry and I played soccer outside. 
My dog's unconditional love and walking up Reynolds mountain with her 
Arriving to work before 10 am 
To rise daily with all my needs met. 
When I watched the video on why we have inner critics, and it made me feel that there isn't anything wrong with me, but that we all have inner critics that try to protect us when we go outside of our comfort zone. 
It was a sunny day. 
My dog was there to greet me when I got home. 
my kids and my grandkidsmy homeele.water 
My mother: without her support (financial, emotional and practical) I highly doubt I'd be allowed into society by now. 
Playing with my baby sister josie 
The first thing that brightened my day was a visit to my mother's house just for coffee. 
my doggies 
my husband listening to me this week-end and helping me get out of the house even though I am depressed atm. 
Texts from seema 
pro went good 
1. 
my parents and for my boyfriend, both make me happy. 
My kids 
I have friends to talk to, those who understand my feelings and empathize with me. 
My friends and family. 
when i got to work this morning I felt happy because of the confidence my boss has in me to handle the restaurant without her being there 
Someone told me I was pretty 
husband 
My husband helped me with a few chores 
my husband helped me clean the basement today. 
Happy co-workers 
1. 
lemy and banjo 
snuggling with Bella in my bed before we had to get up for the day. 
Being able to play outside with David and then taking him for a walk in his wagon 
Staying in bed w/ my dogs to keep warm cause its cold outside and inside. 
My ability to stay home with my child 
my home. 
to be in such a wonderful relationship and to finally be able to trust someone 
My health 
have friends all over the world 
my health 
MY DAUGHTERS, SON IN-LAW, GRAND CHILDREN 
Jenny always is happy to be at work. 
there are people who care about me. 
introduced new material at work and it was well received. 
my daughter. 
Kids smiling when I come in the classroom 
My Pets Stayed quiet during Naptime ( I Have fibro) 
A friend dropped off a missing object. 
Valeri sent me the video of Stella. 
My family's health 
My paycheck 
Frank staining the floors. 
My cats- they love me 
Being able to be a stay at home mom 
My husband has a steady job now and we don't have to stress on how to pay our bills or to feed our family 
buying a brand new car with no miles on it. 
Waking up in bed with my boyfriend for the first time in a few months 
Kevin helped me to feel good about my appearance. 
my husband walked over to see our grandson 
We got the long awaited title to my father's van. 
children 
my son and my family 
Family 
An acquaintance confided in me 
was able to finish some important tasks 
The first thing was being able to spend the day with two of my favorite people in my life : my husband,Bruce and our son,brucey. 
Friends 
Mis hijos maravillosos, los ratos que paso con ellos 
waking up to my boys 
My daughter 
the morning, I was at a traffic light and saw a woman running for the bus. the bus passed the stop but then stopped a bloack away and the woman ran and caught the bus. 
have a very social job 
Singing with Ava in the car. 
my family. 
got out in the sun 
Being able to make someone happy by finding an Item that they were looking for 
Chuck E. Cheese with the kids. 
my dog and cats they make me laugh 
Rick, who is wonderful and supportive of me and my endeavors and who is providing a home for us and food for us, yet still sees it as a team effort. 
waking up without having to be or go anywhere quickly 
Going to the pumpkin patch with my grandbabies. 
so glad Brody and heidi are healthy. 
my kids 
my children make me laugh! 
My husband is an amazing mechanic so I don't have to worry about my car breaking down and not being able to have it fixed. 
My family makes my life great! 
S....Silly. 
My husband ordered us dinner take out so I didn't have to cook. 
My sister Lynnellen giving me money and telling me she loved me. 
we have power and warmth 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my beautiful cat waiting for me at the bottom of the stairs, ready to be fed. 
1. 
got to sleep most of the day, because i got home late from a trip. 
Leslie's generosity 
my son 
waking up to new day 
Alex & Jacqui gave me hugs 
When I picked Sammi up at school today, I was able to remind her to think of three great things that happened today. 
The love and support I get from my family 
A well needed nap 
A hug from Anja. 
Helping a co worker accomplish a task. 
my kids 
was very grateful for Dawn taking my kids so I could leave early. 
Dating! 
had a lot to get done BEFORE work today and the potential for a snag was pretty high, but everything went off as planned and I was at work right on time. 
My new shoes: they are gorgeous, comfortable, and a total luxury! 
yummy food 
my children's health , I have often worried about them when they were sick but it was nothing life threatening so i am thankful for them and all the joy they have brought me and will continue to bring me. 
my families health. 
My 3 year old grandson called. 
had fun talking to Alexandra 
I'm alive. 
my family. 
Jess thought of me and called to say hi and see how i was. 
My patients told me how grateful they were for having me as their nurse 
My Husband 
House was clean when I got homeI was invited to a bday party by friends on SaturdayI became an Aunt- Great Aunt 
When my boyfriend grabbed me and gave me a full body hug 
My daughters. 
my boyfriend 
my life when i wake up to thank God for another day 
Getting things together for my new job. 
Extra hours to make extra money 
my son who helps me 
Snuggling with Franklin (my dog) and sleeping in a little late for work... 
was a live 
1. 
coffee first thing 
was worried about my health and my doctor gave me good news. 
worked on a blanket 
Having a group of smart, happy, focused people in my life who are colleagues, peers and mentors. 
Steve was very helpful and kind today. 
wakeing up on time to get my daughter ready for school. 
Addie giving me extra affection when I dropped her off at school 
new cd, driving to work 
My daughter's 1St birthday coming up. 
My mom made me a smoothie 
we were able to get directv 
Second period being a small class size 
The Bean sleeping a lot, and The Munchkin going to bed early, allowing me to work uninterrupted. 
finished most of the payroll cost transfers that had been bogging me down for a while. 
My free tall pumpkin spice latte from House Blend. 
dinner being in the oven when I got home. 
friends who seem to like me despite my faults - I'm not as bad as I thought I was. 
Got to my Dr.'s appmt on time without rushing & by myself. 
Time to clean and do laundry and make dinner 
My boys 
my children -they keep my life exciting and make me get out of my shell 
air conditioner 
waking up next to Taylor 
Mike left a kind note to me this morning. 
My husband called me at work to say hi. 
My boyfriend, he is always there for me no matter what he lifts me up when I am down, he make me laugh at the things he does, he makes me happy, the only thing is he is so far away. 
Friends, how many are really there for me 
My boyfriend hes always there and makes me feel good about myself and i love him 
getting my chores done 
despite burning my tongue and fingers, my dinner was delicious. 
A friend took me out for lunch and I was able to relax and enjoy just good conversation. 
My children. 
My children - Without my children I really don't know where I would be. 
My son passed away on 8/7/12 and was only 10 1/2 years old. 
have a loving family and my granddaughters adore me! 
my abundant vegetable garden 
finding a small bag of candy corn. 
got about thirty minutes to do a meditation and lay down to relax. 
found a lost camp 
Paige texted me. 
MT addressed my concern after I had left and made changes based on my feelings about something. 
DYFUS - they cannot ever remove me from my home again. 
BMW X5 - I needed a new car but didn't have to get such a luxury. 
My Family 
to be a live 
Sallie and I talked about our kids. 
My husband gave me a goodbye kiss for every hour he was going to be at work today. 
my children. 
a roof over my head 
have a place to live 
have a wonderful husband. 
Smiling with my husband. 
me and family are healthy and still able to get around and do things even if there are physical problems 
Spending time with morgan 
love 
Thankful that my family is here visiting this week! 
mark 
so very lucky to be in a relationship with a person that cares deeply about my well being, and is sensitive enough to support me even on bad days. 
Omeish put the nugget to sleep 
was thankful that I got to talk to my son on the phone and hear that he had a good day at school. 
Having a nice, warm, comfortable home. 
my life.. so many didn't wake up this morning 
to have a paycheck 
Having James back in my life. 
don't have to worry about Amex goals in 2014 
My supportive and loving husband 
having caring co workers to talk to when I need them. 
kyla talked to her dad 
Aubrey loves me. 
Spent time working and talking with my husband. 
playing with dog 
no one yelled at me for being late to work 
i've gotten to meet a good handful of interesting people 
received an email to meet a potential employer. 
When Brian wrote and said "Have a good day Babe". 
the house was not that messy and I was able to do my homework before class 
waking up with a friend 
steps daily 
Kyle bringing lunch and my wallet 
1. 
Seeing my dog princess 
getting a new outfit 
opened with someone capable. 
The dumpster guy picked up the large dumpster in my driveway. 
had my work done before 7 am 
Being greeted by my beautiful doggies and the cat! 
My family 
having a safe and comfortable home to live in. 
Jemai sharing her thoughts with me and asking me to watch a movie with her 
Ora in the morning 
I have an active mind that can be creative and productive on many levels. 
Gigs called 
I came home and took a nap. 
Seeing People I knew at WIB 
had a pleasant phone conversation with a new friend we laughed it was nice! 
my son Christopher is happier and has accepted to take the steps necessary that he can pass his classes. 
Jaden and NIko's adorable snowmen creations. 
my children and grand daughter are healthy.. 
got to the 9am class that I hardly ever get to, and it was good! 
I have a home 
friend gave my son a ride to school 
Not having a super tight neck and terrible headache. 
Tony works overtime so I can stay home with the kids. 
My family being there when I need them 
my husband has an amazing new job that he is passionate about and excited. 
my two kids, ages 15 and 18. 
Felt appreciated by my co workers today 
1. 
i' am grateful for my family.. 
my family to have accepted me into thier lives again after all these years 
had an interview with a staffing company. 
ran into my friend Kerri, and she asked me how my important job interview went. 
Grateful for my dog's happiness to see me. 
Seeing Tigger sleeping on the porch. 
Today I am grateful for having a roof over my head, food in the kitchen and a warm bed to sleep in. 
have a husband who tells me he loves me everyday. 
I have a full tank of gas in my car; I don't drive much, so this tank is going to last me probably half a year! 
engaged to a GREAT man! 
to spend my Mom's birthday with her as originally she was going to be out of town today. 
waking up and knowing that Jim is here in the house with me, trusting that he's always here when I wake up and knowing that he loves me as I love him. 
Jim in my life because he accepts me for who I am and loves and likes me. 
Manny fixing the car. 
Grandsons that appreciate homemade mittens made from my Grandmothers pattern. 
When the working family members came home and were grateful for all the work I'd done around the house, complimenting and thanking me profusely. 
Home - I have a home, not just a house. 
My mom - she is my sanity, my advisor, my support, my go-to person for anything...I am so grateful she is in my life! 
collect teddy bears, and not just for myself. 
sunny, warm weather 
a house, a home 
good interview yesterday 
prayed to get my job today. 
got a job! 
Grateful for my teddy bears Minky and Blaise - always there for me when my panic attacks happen. 
A home plenty to eat 
spending time with my mom and grandma. 
The first thing that brightened my day today, was the happy little furry faces of my puppies, giving me good morning kisses. 
My relationship- we have had some rough times, but we have made it together. 
Being able to sit down and enjoy a meal together. 
great friends i have who have never failed to cheer me up 
Being able to breathe. 
Frisbee team 
I have a great mother to help me through my daily life and very grateful that she wants to do it for me. 
to my parents to be very loving and caring. 
was very happy to see my boys enjoying each others company today without the usual fighting. 
Start the day with new project 
My friends make me feel loved and cared for 
of a bad relationship. 
My friend J who wrote a funny note to me on face book. 
so grateful that even though Chris left me, his friends have rallied behind me. 
hae survived 
my two wonderful children and my family 
My husband made all the meatpacker 
Sitting in the car an talking with mom. 
When, my uncle passed and they made a note of reaching out to me and making sure that I was ok. 
baked the cake for Jonny - got around to it at last. 
Pete's cooking 
My creativity. 
water 
Bessie 
m 
My son's health/well-being 
My family makes my life great 
My boyfriend gave me a smile and a kiss when he came home 
Ruben. he is a big help to me. 
inbox 0 
A great cup of coffee 
Good weather 
my breakfast! 
my parents, whenever I need something they are always there to help. 
My husband, who's always by my side. 
my children. 
The first thing that brightened my day was collecting my new dress from New Look, trying it on and it fitting absolutely perfectly. 
finally submitted my paper revisions, and I didn't stress about them too much. 
my life 
healthy enough. 
Health: My hand got better before the mri 
Seeing my son in the morning and when I get home with his happy little face. 
Slept better than usual 
so grateful that grandmother is ok and that she didn't pour me over with negative thoughts and stories. 
don't have to worry about my mother doing something extremely stupid or getting into big trouble right now. 
Getting a call from Hootsuite 
The health of me and my family 
being awake half the night, I got that extra hour of sleep that I needed before I started my day. 
My daughter tried to Skype me from England. 
saw a friend from out of town whom I hadn't seen in a while and after a brief period of awkwardness, it felt as though no time had passed. 
My family is healthy for the time being. 
Getting to sleep in for an extra hour! 
The first thing that brightened my day was my family made it safely through the night to live another day 
me and my family are healthy 
Seeing the wonderful success my children are having in the new school. 
My faith which is what I try to hold on to when the days are so rough. 
My wife complimented me 
knowing my helpless buddy will eventually use her beauty to conquer the hell she's had to deal with for a year in losing her father- favorite person 
Morgan getting up and coming to see me. 
was woken up by my 9 month old, who was up way early. 
so thankful that I am married to a very loving man who is my best friend. 
Matt and I put away the dishes together and cleared off some of the counter, it looks much better! 
Got rid of migraine headache after waking up with one in the morning. 
Waking up next to someone every day who is my teammate, who I'm absolutely in love with and is good for me. 
beautiful weather 
Thankful for such a nice family, wonderful wife and beautiful child. 
all the gadgets are working fine 
Nothing Yet 
got a big hug from Eli 
my wife is so supportive of me and my company. 
Eli waking me up 
Having my wife bring me coffee. 
My amazing family. 
My relative health. 
Finally getting the gas company to come fix the leak I suspected (it was). 
having a cup of tea 
the first thing i am thankful for is being able to start dinner without interruption. 
Grateful it is my parents 47th anniversary. 
Don't have to worry about going home for Xmas 
have a great girlfriend.I have a job at all.I have parents that support and love me. 
buying a second crockpot. 
My children make my life great. 
persistence 
breakup with girlfriend 
Breath of Life and moment of gratitude 
god to i get such beatiful parent 
The nice dinner with my girlfriend 
Coffee 
friends who know when to be a rock 
nothing 
Drew did a great job driving in more difficult situations and didn't lose his cool! 
suppose my belief in God enhances my life primarily. 
Being an entrepeneur 
The sun, the leaves and the small openings of sky that I saw through the shapes in the leaves. 
Ability to be independent and do the things I want to do. 
my dog , Sadie who greeted me at the door excited to see me. 
Don't have to live with roommates I really don't like any more. 
Good mood 
helped a classmate with her recordings 
Cuddling with sayuri and Poe 
Got Anno 2070 in the post 
saw a customer from a few months ago wanted to open a studio 
Ted helping me out/moving in 
Food. 
My kids 
to be in a relationship with Arielle. 
the sun shining bright and a cool brisk breeze outside. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up to a snapchat from Carolanne 
My parents are allowing me to live at their house rent-free to help me get a better handle on my finances. 
Kissing my husband 
Even though I did not get a lot of sleep last night, my commute this morning was not terrible. 
don't have to worry about babying my ex boyfriend like his mother does because I finally got the courage to leave him. 
It brightened my day to serve Cindy in cooking her breakfast and helping with her bandage. 
Kate came to help me get the office tidy 
My coworker Sandy 
not being alone today. 
don't have to worry about chocolate supply in the house. 
My boys' laughter and pure joy. 
my family is healthy 
Def out of a bad relationship. 
My daughter 
the chance to hang out with Harry tonight. 
My cat Otto is awesome and fluffy 
Brady 
holding a steady job 
The health of my family 
Having a lie-in that I didn't expect! 
My husband decided he to get help 
I took my dogs for a walk in the warm sunshine this morning 
Julia is so fun and sexy, and cares for me deeply. 
My kids 
my children 
got positive feedback on the new business cards I designed. 
reddit.com, 
made a my hourly wage. 
my husband. 
Emily is here today. 
Jack makes me laugh at least once a day. 
feel grateful for not fighting for a whole day with my boyfriend. 
work is less stressful and i get time for my wife at home. 
I was able to release my project on time and with a solution I'm proud of 
to have my house clean. 
a wonderful boyfriend whom I love and who loves me. 
A friend replied to an email that I didn't think she would start on conversation on. 
Car loans 
my instructors trusted me to give them injections 
the first thing that brightened my day was my food stamp card coming in the mail 
the first thing i am greatful for is my sister hepling me keep the house picked up 
have the freedom to do whatever I want. 
received contact from that recruiter, scheduling a call. 
got paid. 
to have a job in my field, with people who support me and my goals. 
Angel and Edmund are at a conference today through Thursday so I feel like I can take a breather. 
great feedback about my presenting 
my son has such an amazing heart. 
was able to work from home without stressful commute. 
The cats 
Nasty supervisors, , 
my home & yard, someplace i have some "freedom" 
Ed Lusby makes me laugh at the office when I need. 
being able to put food on the table 
My asst got my ac fixed. 
each of my family members- they are such wonderful people! 
feeling ill for the past 4 days I was able to eat and enjoy some healthy food for the first time. 
My sons Archie & Sam. 
my children love me. 
found one of my favorite song and downloaded it. 
noticed that I have gained muscle by working out and this makes me feel much more attractive. 
โพสลำยองได้เยอะ 
get to interact with a few children. 
People are super dressed up for Halloween 
my 14 year old son told me he loved me the other day. 
Michael demanding a cuddle in bed. 
The new wind shield wipers on my car worked really well. 
confidence to do daily tasks 
family helping with household chores 
My kids 
nice people that i live near 
Planning a party in New York with a great customer, and the CTO is flying in from Greece to join. 
My father's support and love. 
My best friend, Jeremy. 
god kept my cats safe 
sent an invoice to our third wholesale order 
Hearing that someone is alright. 
1. 
My Girlfriend like my house 
1. 
Today I didn't have to do the Tiger Time. 
my home. 
my mom gave me a pair of shoes 
Sleeping in this morning 
the American community here. 
was worried about giving birth but I did it with flying colors. 
My team was productive! 
Missing my husband! 
Being able to get out of the classroom and meet in the cafe with my classmates. 
The opportunities that are ahead 
kitchen cleaning 
My friend invited me over last night. 
My friends, pets 
one thing that makes my life great is having supportive parents 
being able to experience life 
Today my mom made lunch thinking about me. 
my friend LeAnn is still there after all these years 
1. 
My friends helping me out with the ticket and date this weekend. 
My husband snuggling me this morning. 
The first thing that brightened my day was a walk with Tom. 
Had a cookie at lunch without guilt 
a wonderful family 
Slept well. 
tea time 
Great food 
was able to get up on time and out the door with time to spare. 
having Robbie in my life 
to be living with some of my best friends. 
Scout and Emma. 
don't have to worry about the bad boyfriend relationships from the past. 
My family makes my life great. 
my wonderful boyfriend 
I am employed 
relationship with ex is over - no fear of the future about that. 
My dad cares for and helps me with my life. 
Family 
ana ashkor rabi 3la modiri. 
My health - after seeing so many patients all day who don't have theirs 
Being able to run 11k 
My puppy snuggled up with me in bed 
My children and grandchild 
I can worship God freely. 
Remembering Lou Reed 
my job. 
hEN do this weekend 
My beautiful dog Dakota, he gives me unconditional love 
Got a email for going to Lunch with a coworker 
my daughter talked to me 
successfully lead a Calibrations meeting in front of my peers. 
don't have to worry about being someone else when I am around my husband -- he accepts the real me. 
My life is great because I am healthy and can accomplish physical tasks with ease. 
My son David who always seems to make me laugh. 
My husband folded my clothes for me and left them on the bed for me 
Time with my husband and dog, including our nightly walks and time together by the ocean 
My children 
a great student like Yulissa who has shown such leadership and improvement in her love of learning and reading. 
my friend brought some clothes over for my daughter 
had a wonderful vacation with a darling man I love. 
no longer being stalked. 
The Lord woke me up this morning, stared me on my way what a blessing to carry everything to.God in prayer standing on the Word of Jesus Christ remember to say in prayer in Jesus name. 
My schmo curled up in my lap right after I got home from work. 
got a difficult assignment going at work 
my kids. 
Both my daughters had seizures because of getting too many shots at once. 
i have a great kid who comes home and does homework right away without a fuss. 
had a quiet, relaxing day. 
Gaby and I laughed about comics we made on facebook 
My life is great because I get to spend time with Michelle, Erin, Alex and Lucy. 
not a victim right now 
Anthony 
the friends that have always been there for me. 
finished payroll. 
I am able to provide for my family. 
Having a great boyfriend to come home to 
got a compliment from one of student's parents. 
waking up fully rested 
my little boy 
Having another day to live here on earth 
my home, which includes my house, office, dogs, and husband. 
A new day itself. 
my husband 
Seeing the sun shining when I got out of the shower. 
Charlie. 
Clean up stairs 
Daniel is my friend. 
found a link to a website that i forwarded on to a new connection. 
We have insight on where we might be moving to next 
I have a home to live in. 
The first thing that brightened my day was starting my morning off with a chicken tender sub. 
Eric being in my life. 
No tears convo 
met a good friend 
did the 4t60 by my self 
having a job! 
going to the bank 
Vermeer & dutch masters in NYC 
Healthy family 
have 3 beautiful children, for many years I couldn't get pregnant and have the family I dreamed of. 
My God 
Hearing I love you 
made a new friend on FB-Ruby 
The technicians acknowledged that I have been getting them more work 
Brady is healthy and strong and outgoing and creative and I am very proud of the little man he is. 
someone cooked soup last night and there are leftovers. 
the kids saying good morning 
Most of the time, the office works as a team! 
That My family is loving and caring 
have a roommate that can speak Chinese with. 
was stressed about how my work day might go since I'm short staffed. 
I have a decent job 
feel thankful for my beautiful daughter. 
my husband 
a co-worker wants to spend time with me outside of work on our next day off. 
anu and bodee 
my family, including my parents, brother, grandparents, cousins, aunts and uncles. 
got to have dinner with Dylan, whom I haven't seen much of the past few weeks. 
My parents are with me, and it's fun. 
Seeing my dogs when I woke up 
David held the door open for me while I was walking into the lab. 
Nothing I can think of 
free food 
I have a hardworking husband that supports me and loves me. 
having a lightweight vacuum that works well & helps me finish my chores quickly. 
to finally have some positive influences in my life... people who are on the path to getting healthy and don't tear others down in the process. 
ful to have a husband who works hard so i can take off to recover from my anxiety. 
Seeing the enthusiasm of my wife and more importantly her unconditional love. 
debt free 
This beautiful crisp fall day with blue sky and cool temperatures 
My family - we all get along and I love my husband and daughter VERY much. 
The boys appreciated the work I did on their beds. 
the fairly easy commute/ low traffic volume on my drive in and out of work yesterday - the one day I had to commute outside of my usual downtown location! 
the great boss that I have at work that keeps me challenged, listens to what I have to say, is supportive, and kind. 
my beautiful daughter 
Seeing Lilly write with confidence today. 
my husband taking me to see a movie and buying me a Coke. 
my lovely flatmates who are always there to ask about my day and help me along and we all get on so well just like a family (or maybe even better). 
I no longer have to stress about my relationship with Ben and how my marriage was failing 
Elise was able to go to school today and is in a positive frame of mind 
cooked for my family 
my husband made diner. 
One of my pitfalls does not exist anymore: instead of asking straightforwardly if I can help, some persons close to me used to 'ask' in a manipulative way - expecting me to be worried sick and offer my help. 
Learning about improvisation and it made me smile and laugh. 
going to celebrate a birthday 
for: vision; hearing and touch! 
my cat doing cool stuff 
I am able to get out and play with my horses 
lots 
My Faith in Jesus Christ 
Pleasant email from Jeff. 
my cats 
the relationship with the customers. 
Well I got dinner done right away, and the house got cleaned shortly thereafter!! 
BF apologized for not being able to have me stay at her house. 
My family (mostly) are here with me. 
When I got to school Laura said she was so pleased to see that I was having a good start up and that she really hope it continued. 
I have employment in general. 
have a friend who went to me first when it was time to go to a meeting, and asked me to get coffee with her. 
Julie - and the deep, honest and interesting conversation we had today. 
Seeing my Kids 
Getting the back yard cleaned up before the rain! 
My father helped pick up and bring a dresser and 2 end tables I purchased. 
completed a sprint review with Toan that went well. 
having a good relationship with our creator Jehovah God. 
Parents that had positive things to say during conferences. 
having a good job that pays me a great salary. 
Watching the Purge with my mom and the girls. 
to all my of my friends who have given me advice lately. 
Grata pelos meus coachees 
A coworker was nice 
My Mom 
people are accepting of me and what to stay around me. 
Front row parking 
to come home to my lovely home. 
I've eaten very primal today by most accounts 
I had lunch with my friend Rachel and received encouragement and insight from her 
I can hang out with Patrick and do nothing and my environment isn't hyper. 
Karina's smile Made me very happy. 
George has given a lot of his money for my project to work, and hasn't asked for me to repay him for it. 
CJ 
Seeing my family 
having some nice co-workers 
had a good nights sleep and felt rested when I woke up 
Ben cooked a yummy dinner. 
Having the opportunity to speak in depth about the programs I spearhead with the Community Manager and get the ball rolling. 
i get to learn 
Walking my dog. 
Going to Bible Study and feeling like I have the commitment of three friends who know me, love me and pray for me and help me know God better through Bible study and challenging conversations and questions/ 
vanilla latte 
Scottie 
and proud 
The first thing that brightened up my day was waking up snuggling with my pup Oliver. 
JC, CB, JR, and JM are all doing very well at their new schools. 
got called for an interview. 
sold the watch 
My room is incredibly warm and subsequently comforting during cold winters. 
Good job on weeding the front yard 
work 
roof doesn't leak 
Sunshine 
Bought and listened to new Palmer Squares album, "Finna" 
god 
living. 
my son's smiling 
Talked to my 92 year old Grandmother. 
My students were good and on task without prompting 
got a call from my boyfriend 
Met with Bill; somehow, I'm always a little bit inspired when I meet with him. 
I cooked and had delicious food already made up to eat when I got home from a long day. 
A sister who listens, and shares my childhood history. 
so grateful for my partner who has enriched my life in so many ways and accepts me just the way I am . 
talking to Maggie on the phone today about India 
Brandon toe sing goofing 
pushing through dizziness 
had time to sit, relax and eat cereal while my boyfriend made me a sand which for me to bring to work 
Client wasn't arrest. 
my wonderful grandchildren and children because without them I really don't know what I would do. 
did more in PT despite hurting more 
got to go back to bed 
Having a friend holding me tight while I cried trying to cath my breath again, trying to recover from my heartbreak, she just hugged me so tight and made me feel cared for, Gracias por el abrazo Sirena :) ! 
having a study space 
learned that I should be able to do the exchange into Rio Vista from the St. Francis exchange. 
Working out and watching TV with my husband 
An acknowledgement for a work done 
had a fun dinner with my son. 
My husband's handsome face saying "Good morning honey". 
my daughter did laundry finally 
was able to handle being unmotivated.Usually losing motivation to write in the middle of a work day really gets to me, but today I just decided to let it flow. 
all the new connections that I've been getting. 
to have someone who cooks and cleans and takes care of things so that I can work. 
used to have some serious allergies. 
Thankful that my kids listen to me when I told them it's bath time. 
have a home 
was able to get everything on my list done today....doctor appt., picture retake, email reminder, bathroom cleaning, laundry and work. 
My pain was not severe enough to keep me in bed......I was also able to spend most of my afternoon with my precious nephew 
Taking Ophelia on a walk with Joseph this morning before getting ready for school. 
know for sure what I need to do so now i can work on it. 
talked to friend when I was sad 
steph sent me pictures of us from when we were little kids 
laughter 
My husband who helps me in every way 
Cyndy- best friend 
getting up early 
saved money by eating food from home 
reconnected with an old friend. 
Being ok with not having a desk 
very grateful for being able to sit down with Liam and Alex for dinner and enjoy the homemade spring rolls Jenn made today - delicious! 
Waking up to another unpromised day. 
completed a task which i was working on for many days. 
Got most of my homework done today 
Love from my puppies when I get home. 
a loving and understanding husband 
A co worker trusted me with information 
cat 
That I'm studying a PhD 
the humorous conversations in the break room today. 
not in an abusive relationship 
made it to the store for Nicorette 
my intelligence. 
My friends 
My own apartment 
My children. 
As bad as it sounds, I don't have contact with my twin sister. 
God 
Things actually went pretty decent today and glad I rallied people to give feedback 
Took dog to see ducks in river 
1. 
Lubie said thank you for being there for her. 
A friend's message 
Went out with mum and bro. 
A lot of people talked to me today, I think it was the tie dye skirt! 
task acomplishment 
my parents didn't have to evacuate because of the fires 
Made a list of goals and time allotment for achieving each. 
live in a very good flat (great location, inspiring window view, nice working table) with a very kind neighbor Maia - careful and on understanding. 
being able to relax and put on my cozy pajamas after a long day 
Caring boyfriend 
managed to move from a bad environment to a nice and cozy home, just for me so I don't have to get all stressed out when I am coming back home from work. 
the morning before going to work my boyfriend kissed me while I was sleeping and told me " I love you" in such a sweet way that brighten up my day. 
1. 
living in a beautiful flat that i'm renting with my girlfriend 
making everyone happy - that never works out so i've learnt it's ok to only go so far trying to please someone. 
Rosie coming into the bedroom for a morning cuddle 
Met new people pari's friend 
youtube supporters 
watching positive youtube videos for inspirations 
Sunt fericita pentru faptul ca mutarea nu o voi face singura ci impreuna cu Cristina. 
The Fall morning was so warm, that even though it was very dark outside, I felt like it was middle of summer. 
having a good day chatting 
No stress 
Having a great husband 
learned I was getting my tablet back today, when I thought it would be a couple of weeks. 
Dansen; 2) Alle mensen die ik om me heen heb (Jasmin, de vriendinnen, ouders en zus); 3) Mijn reiservaringen 
got to enjoy a hot bath. 
my 3-months old son is healthy and happy :) 
Я благодарна родителям за красивую и уютную квартиру, саму возможность жить самой. 
На работе: создала три выпуска журнала, запустила внутреннюю соцсеть 
First of all I'm very grateful to my current boyfriend. 
leting me keep both my cats. 
having my daughter around me. 
love 
My boss saying my outfit looked nice! 
The first good thing I made happen was make sure my Husband had food for work. 
woke up in a good mood and got some things accomplished. 
Borrow me money 
fweferfer 
son said he loves me 
changed tree to container and part presenter 
tennes 
woke up with nice mood, I absolutely didn't want to sleep, that was a nice surprise for me) 
Ma cat waiting for me 
My work 
1. 
Food from father 
woke up healthy 
a time to read new interesting book at home after working day 
made progress in the meeting with sebastian about LATAM CSS partners 
Opportunity. 
Helena got up without nagging. 
The first thing that brightened my day was hags and kisses of my boyfriend 
Meeting Lisa and it being an interesting opportunity. 
was happy that One of the teachers were kind to me, He recognized my sad face and gave me a dessert. 
watched my favorite television soap. 
My job 
obeti a polibky od Andrejky 
God's grace 
waking up with energy 
introduced good ideas at work 
Having an amazing brother who works with me 
My mother 
my husband and his support of my ideas 
Today i m gratefull for my dear friend and neighboor David that help me fix my internet ! 
have a secure job , it may not pay very well , but i can count on having a good job for years to come . 
1. 
Short commute! 
Good progress on Click fund raising 
I get to talk about technology specifically the new iPad and Macbooks. 
Mary taking care of William. 
Being in public school. 
a very cloudy day sun came out for a while, when I was going to school. 
received a treat from my "pen pal" of 15 years this morning asking how I am doing 
graduated college and immediately found a job that I enjoy a lot and that provides me with a decent living. 
getting the furniture returned 
Woke up to peace and quiet, did some breathing and stretching 
found the good luck charm that i had lost a few weeks ago. 
My children make my life great. 
Students being nice to me and enjoying the film 
Dropping the kids off at a school that cares about them. 
My family, they are healthy and are doing well 
A large cup of coffee. 
500 people read my blog 
40-hour workweek with flexible hour timing - able to exercise in the middle of the day and work earlier/later. 
got to sleep in for the first time in a LONG time. 
Taking care of the family very well. 
I get to stay home with my kids. 
My relationship with my parents makes my life great. 
made a phone call to the Homeowners' Association to let them know that they sent a violation notice to the wrong address and am waiting to hear back from the. 
have some great friends 
My new job!!!! 
Waking up 
1. 
Waking up to my beautiful daughter. 
our house and its proximity to the park and school. 
enjoyed the chance to be on the computer for a while after a few busy days. 
Using my husband's car 
getting some help with my homework yesterday for theory class. 
the opportunity to homeschool my children. 
Great dinner - Greg 
bugga 
The first thing I am grateful for is that we are almost getting caught up in my son's home-school (K-12). 
Shannon put the food away last night. 
so grateful for this home. 
My friends offered odd jobs while my husband was unemployed. 
Meeting my friend for breakfast. 
my children and I are healthy 
have a silky scarf with orange pumpkins on it. 
my housboound 
a microwave to heat up our food. 
watch my kids sleep togetherthey was sooo cute^^ and i don't want to wake them up:) 
slept in until 6:30! 
working on my healthI am working on loving myselfI am moving forward in my life 
had lunch bought for me and got a chocolate dessert. 
I got to have a great talk with the team yesterday about morale. 
Jim and I moved into a home, and we're not planning another move any time soon, so that's not a stressor any more. 
Jim. 
my mom. 
1. 
taking bath 
a job offer 
I've gone to the swimming pool 
I had time and felt well enough to do some yardwork today. 
B got up and fed/let out the dogs while I got ready for work. 
Driving up the mountain after a long shift, I have a very small and much safer commute time to and from work. 
The sun is shining 
Putting my daughter to school work. 
I got Brandon to school on time 
Hopu. 
My dog and cat are finally starting to tolerate each other 
Happily, I really enjoy the things I can think of that I've really worked for. 
a house with a fence where my dog can play 
waking up and giving another chance to do what i didnt the day before, To look at my children, to know that my family is still here with me. 
I have people that want to create a non-profit organization with me. 
My mother drove me to the doctor. 
the ability to feed my family 
1. 
1. 
I can always laugh with my family. 
Today the bartender was extremely friendly to me. 
having such a warm, loving companion. 
was able to get my pool closed 
My husband 
felt good when I woke up this morning. 
Talked With My Mom 
all of the cats are healthy; inside and outside. 
Going through basic training in the Air Force. 
My students who help me after school 
My son was so loving the last couple of days. 
Curtis loving me even though I;m struggling right now 
my husband 
Feeling rested when I woke up this morning 
my husband does chores around the house and he also cooks. 
my happiness is me wifey,just looking @ her or hearing her voice does for it 
My daughter is a delightful child. 
Christ 
I´m grateful for having had the possiblity to sleep in this morning. 
My kids. 
GRATEFUL I HAVE A HOME TO COME TO AND RELAX. 
Tom and all of the help that he gives me. 
alive 
I got to hold Mackenzie today for an hour while she slept 
My extended family watches my daughter so that I can study or get things done around the house. 
We are living in my moms house while she stays with my aunt, so we don't have to pay rent. 
My health 
I am alive my children are healthy and that my husband loves me and takes time for me. 
the nice weather we are having 
friends 
Coworker told me to take care of myself. 
nothing 
my husband and my son 
my kids came over and spent the day with me 
Got my daughters medicine 
our friends and the lovely dinners we enjoy together. 
My husband, while we are not always on the same page, we are always in the same book. 
could take a shower and wear new cloths. 
Don feeds the cats and washes and dries their food bowls. 
Freedom to do what I want. 
Talking with friends with similar interests 
my parents. 
Lillie 
Clean laundry, the smell and warmth 
Being able to have kids. 
Snuggling with my 8 month old before getting up. 
Snuggles 
Warm weather allowed me to price stuff for yardsale declutter 
My husband does so much around the house and for me 
My job is made easy by the women I work with. 
colleague sent a thank you note. 
z is a cute and adorable puppy 
Raising and watching my beautiful grandson grow despite his daily struggles. 
Book club 
My children and grandchildren 
Michael is feeling better and that he talked with me last night about the things that were bothering him. 
Real friends 
the oceans because the sound brings me peace .I am grateful for my children because they make me smile as they grow 
my wife 
Having a nice comfortable home 
my mom's praise and support. 
cook for mom 
My son got a job. 
woke up to a cool fall morning 
Wonderful husband 
Zach calling me on his way to work. 
Zach called me on his way to work today. 
He called this morning. 
Read an article my boyfriend mailed to me (by post!) about the birthday present he gave me that showed me how much thought he put into it. 
My new blender! 
My husband helped me today by finishing the laundry I started and he even asked me what settings to use this time so he didn't mess up my scrubs/uniforms. 
Having interesting and engaging reports to work on. 
Thinking about seeing my boyfriend, Wade, today. 
Not worrying about having a warm safe place to sleep at night 
my kids. 
Sent all the letters at work (and made half of documents disappear) 
Getting a letter from my son. 
Chatting with my friend 
I have my health . 
My family is the biggest thing I'm thankful for everyday. 
the love of my Mother 
great convo with potential teammate 
my husband and children. 
My husband and kids 
Getting a text from friends 
Thankful that I got a huge problem out of the way. 
have a great partner. 
a stranger said i smell good 
That God let me wake up breathing. 
1. 
Seeing my dogs early in the morning, happy. 
Seeing an old friend for lunch and talking for a while 
the run I took along the lake. 
a stable home 
my home with my husband. 
My animals 
the friends I have - that I have them at all. 
doing rounds in the morning to check on all the animals - they get treats 
1. 
I work from home. 
Jason's school anxiety is lessening. 
I have people that care for me 
Leandra because she is very caring, even though I'm not always the best person to be around. 
My whole family being home. 
my God and his son Jesus Christ! 
My bay bay brought me stolen creamers. 
The first thing that brightened my day was Donnie coming in and waking me up to talk to me about how the maintenance mans hammering was driving him crazy and he was being funny imitating and exagerating how he felt. 
having a job and being able to take care of myself. 
being able to take a nap if i want to 
Getting closer with a fellow momma and finding solidarity together. 
my children having real beds, and for me having a real bed, after too many months without. 
The children and I are safe, the violent offender is behind bars for a good while now, thank God. 
I have my cats. 
I got to daughters house and home safely 
My Grandson and children! 
to have a warm comfortable home!! 
The loss of my career 
my son was not injured when he had his automobile accident on the 20th. 
Having such a good upbringinging and being fortunate to be healthy, happy, safe financially, and to have the chance to reach any goal I set myself. 
mhen my daughter and the grand kids came over 
My newborn daughter only got up once last night and fell asleep quickly 
having my own place. 
my kids I love them 
a beverage 
the group of people I attend Bible Study with. 
woke up next to jeff 
Asked how i enjoyed my evening. 
life 
Everyone was happy to have me back from Italy. 
woke up feeling sad and depressed. 
Charlie. 
Unconditional love from parents 
The first thing that brightened my day was that my hummus was still good when I thought it was bad 
to be in our own place and experiencing independence. 
Talking to my mom 
My husbands love and support 
get to play Ultimate two or three times a week, which I really really enjoy. 
Was able to clean my shower 
my three healthy, lively children. 
forgive someone 
just wakeing up 
Seeing Merlin when I came home and his excitement to greet me. 
had a Starbucks breakfast today... 
Pat, Hilary and Mary Fran were there to eat dinner with and talk with when I got home. 
health and happiness of my son 
My husband and his dedication to loving me 
A co-worker nominated me for employee of the month. 
Healthy, happy, smart kids. 
got to relax at home instead of going to soccer practice. 
supportive mom 
That Reggie got through surgery successfully and it wasn't as expensive as it could have been. 
Exciting new email system that will open up opportunities. 
Was the fresh air on my walk to work- it felt refreshing, it felt nice to feel the coolness on my face, it also was a good way to start my day! 
got to see my intern Audrey 
got up a little early to study 
was moved to a different hall than I had been working in for the last year. 
Coffee 
having my daughter Brianna in my life !!I am very grateful when Brianna does her chores and helps me around the house.I am grateful for everything my son DJ has blessed us with his life...... 
i have a nice bathtub to end a difficult day. 
My daughter - she makes me laugh. 
having a student tell me that a review activity worked well to help them learn 
Hearing from my friend, Kendra. 
The sun was shining and most of the snow has melted. 
eat good dinner 
Being able to talk openly with my therapist 
1. 
I have a home and not pressed for bills 
The friendly doctor 
It warms me to hear how highly my friends think of me. 
Spoiled myself with a Spa day, massage, facial, nails, etc.. Something for me. 
my family is healthy 
Dan: Stopped by yesterday and thanked me for helping him with CBEPS exams, and hooking him up for his bachelorette. 
When mom entered the house screaming in pain with a broken arm. 
my dog Bella. 
Sara said the kitchen utensil exhibit in Sonoma was worth a visit - I look forward to going 
got a compliment on my make up (I spent extra time working on it this morning) 
My son 
Jessica was well enough to go to school and made it through the day. 
close to work 
my puppy feeling better and being happy to see me 
Cosmetology license was reinstated 
people care about me 
finances 
nourish international wanted me to apply for their fellowship 
waking up and seeing my dogs faces greeting me with kisses 
Laura called; it was good to talk to her. 
1. 
Entered all clients into database 
Being able to come in to work flexibly. 
Grateful that Meagan made the cupcakes 
my mom's surgery went well and she recovered quickly. 
my friend dropped by to see me. 
my headache is not as bad as yesterday. 
Family 
Laughing with Dianne. 
my daughter, she has shown me what love is 
Hearing back from Poland 
My husband brightens my day. 
having a roof over my head 
Something that made me smile that a friend had posted , about her children , that I dearly love . 
went to the gym and exercised for an hour. 
awake this morning with a chance to make things right. 
three furry friends who make my day brighter. 
my 20 year old son is around to help me when I can't move. 
my kids 
my ex husband is communicating with me about his job situation and how it is going to affect all of us...Bridgett, Bill and Jennifer. 
my family 
My daughter 
a home. 
to be in a relationship with Zack. 
waking up my little boys for school. 
The First thing that brighten my day was I got in touch with my friend Shefali. 
Life and waking to a new day 
Norma. 
Being with my daughters/family and relaxing together. 
i am alive and happy with my life living on my own got out of an abusive relationship 
Having a healthy and happy family. 
A great job -- not only am I thankful to have a job at all, but to have a job that I enjoy and also where they appreciate me is amazing. 
Stressful event #1 -- Worrying about if Mom had a truly terrible diagnosis (lupus, cancer, etc.). 
made a batch of delicious chocolate coconut cookies today. 
Having the opportunity to build my own company 
Getting to talk to Michael tonight before going to sleep. 
Michael and my family love me!! 
Eric touched my vagina. 
Jian Xun. 
Nicci giving me references for a job. 
decided to join pareto 
Getting a peppermint pattie from Chocolati 
My Dad staying so long for a visit and making food for everyone. 
don't have to worry myself about money and making rent so much. 
My husband watched our recovering dog so I could take some time to myself and read my new book. 
My dog hasn't eaten or torn up anything she wasn't supposed to have today. 
don't have to worry about getting new tires for my car anymore. 
I am blessed with cuddle time with my boys. 
Reconnecting with Dan Tuttle, who is great! 
my children and animals 
Dave offered to help, and followed through, with the mess in the freezer. 
my animals. 
the time I have with my Mom. 
Waking up with enough time to prepare and attend my morning workout class 
Having a home for myself and my family 
Amanda and the constant companionship she gives me. 
Thinking about how much the kids really enjoyed the dance I threw last night. 
a place to stay. 
Coming home everyday to see Michellanne. 
my family understood what a hateful thing had happened to me and the way I dealt with it. 
waking up next to my husband and children 
have had quiet evenings at home. 
my friendsmy buttmy relationships 
have great friends who support me in everything I do. 
get paid. 
was able to relax and watch part of a movie. 
My Daughter, spending time with her and trying to lead her down the right road. 
a nice modern kitchen 
my daughter riding with me to pick buddy up from work 
Had tea with my kids, 
I was not alone at the hospital when my husband had lung surgery. 
Jeff stopping at the store 
Just in a goofy mood. 
My family 
My Life...that im alive despite challanging health issues... 
have the best boss and co-workers 
Sang and praised God at church 
my son emptied the dishwasher for me. 
I am alive.I am grateful that I have a comfortable bed and the necessities of life.I am grateful for my health and that I am healthy. 
My family was understanding with my headache and allowed me time to rest. 
My home its self is a blessing I am no longer house sharing or staying with friends. 
My friendship with my roommate 
A bright sunny day. 
My home 
Going to Mohammeds and buying some new soaps 
Catch-up dinner with Josh 
The first thing that I am grateful for is that I have a wonderful rapport with my supervisor. 
My husband and our children 
my husband. 
my healthy kids!!! 
music that I listened too 
I have a job 
Enjoying scary movies with Susan 
was able to ride my horse 
My husband and My horse 
I have a safe place to live. 
slept soundly until my alarm went off. 
the loving and caring of my mother , she tries so hard for me to be successful 
my mother because she is a determined and loving person who supports me all theway 
my sister. 
Mom called 
Had good Korean food with colleagues. 
Meeta giving me a hug saying come here when I saw her after a week or so. 
good health for my 78 years, except for rheumatoid arthritis, back stenosis, and dry eye syndrome 
We dint forget to pray 
alive today 
vikki came for lunch and had plan for work 
First, I basically finished the Yoga Sadhaka website. 
Emails/Messages by people I like 
Getting messages by friends 
The food - the wraps I ate yesterday were delicious 
The free day yesterday 
Talking to friends 
Going to the restaurant 
The first thing that brighten my day today was getting to make something to eat for my daughter to take out to school. 
1. 
my parents 
deciding to do something proactive and look for positive help online 
Love and emotions 
My friends are coming to auckland this weekend to visit me. 
Safe place to live and be warm and dry 
Creating things. 
my healthy and very kind son. 
Famo sending me a photo of the medical receipt 
The gift of a new day 
healthy! 
Finished an important milestone on my project. 
There is no one sick in my family. 
have finally find the cause of the problem on my project. 
breakfast wich was ckooked by alina for me. 
still working eventhough i am 40's of age 
One of my friend just made one kind of answering game in Facebook. 
Communicating with my friends 
Funny lesson 
Coffee and book 
Creative and dedicated people around me at my company. 
One of my co-worker took some time to explain to me what he was working on. 
having a nice morning with my sweet boyfriend. 
When I got a call for an interview. 
loved ones 
living in such a beautiful city and having a family and a boyfriend that take care of me and love me very much. 
1 
Today is a gift. 
The first thing that brightened my day was the small portion of my day that I spent with my dad. 
Gary walked the dog while I showered when I got home at 7:30. 
don't worry about finding work in the UK anymore. 
all got our healthlive a pretty good lifeenjoyed that walk we did together 
Waking up to my alarm 
Overhauled Skyrim, then deleted it for good. 
quiet in the morning hours 
tasty food in the morning 
My husband sent me flowers and it was not my birthday or our anniversary. 
Katie asked me out for coffee :) 
the staff is supporting me and each other with respect. 
my children. 
sooslik's present for birthday 
Book 
bard cleaned up 
The people from Kimbrells who came by to thank me. 
Мой оптимизм, судя по всему. 
One of my employees is snapping out of her burnout. 
Its nice and sunny today 
Өөртөө итгэлтэй байхдаа , хүнд туслахдаа , хэн нэгнээс чин сэтгэлийн урмыг үг авахдаа , онц дүн авахдаа , хүнд бодлогын хариултыг гаргахдаа , инээмсэглэл тэврэлт халамж миний өдрийг гэрэлтэй гэгээтэй аз жаргалтай болгодог . 
Iam thankful for my family even if its not normal but its my family. 
Dawn passed on the link to Happify because she knew I'd love it! 
introduced students to a challenging art project involving math and composition skills. 
to have a home. 
The first good thing I made happen was I was able to get to both Boots and McDonald's to get food and Lemsips for Neil to help him feel better. 
my management and TL team because they are here to elevate our online FA dept. 
don't have to worry about spending money on extracurricular activities this week. 
my dogs, cats and ducks. 
Esmu pateicīgs, ka šodien izdevās no rīta vieglāk pamosties. 
graduation texts from fiona e, ciara, orla, deirdreFelt special 
I've finished the song list for recording 
My children and their beauty 
a sister-in-law and friend who is working her ass off to do well in school. 
having a loving & caring husband. 
Мытье головы 
my family. 
Grateful to have the time and resources to take the trip that I started planning today 
Cosmo email with february article approval 
A nice home that requires minimal upgrades, located in a good neighborhood. 
Sunshine in October- Sunny weather makes me happy! 
the first thing that brightened my day was when I calledCamille for her birthday she asked me if i could make it to her birthday tonight . 
Good food 
Kickern mit Nico 
konnte honey helfen 
A man looked at me and said that i looked sexy 
Team that is calm when I am not. 
Hearing my husband's voice over the phone bright and early. 
My daughter sharing new discoveries with me. 
1. 
how my friends want to hang out and have fun on Thursdays. 
My co-worker made me laugh. 
was grateful that our team was able to clear the air and move on with being productive 
the majority of people here care deeply about their work, and are generally creative, intelligent, and interesting people. 
Grateful to have a home to come to everyday. 
My boyfriend. 
Duschen, Rasieren und Zähne putzen. 
get to come home everyday to someone who loves me. 
My health 
My mom is always there for me when I need help or when I need to talk to somebody. 
Being given a new responsibility 
had a long talk with Bojan. 
helped someone find a flat today 
my boiler was fixed today! 
have recently found some lost family which I am grateful for so that's good. 
had an appointment today and my journey went perfectly I was exactly on time which is important to me. 
Seeing how many people liked the photo of Dani 
the breakfast (puliyogare and maddur vada) 
Putting stuff together on springpad. 
Jeff made me dinner and did the dishes afterward. 
feel grateful for my mum's delicious food 
Financial security 
I have a job in this economy. 
got a compliment on my outfit. 
the iphones came early this week along with Krista's birthday present. 
When Krista had to get a job. 
This is a great community with great students & parents. 
My Dad stopped by to see me at work, it was great to see him. 
Finished the financials and got caught up! 
Listening to Half Moon Run this morning 
People Care. 
had a good workout 
Taking a shower and listening to music I love. 
Andy is such a warm and understanding person. 
I have a stable living situation with my fiancee. 
had real lunch instead of just bread. 
managed to get out and photograph today. 
don't have to write my bachelor thesis. 
My dad, we're closer now than when I was a kid and he's been a rock this year. 
can actually watch the whole Big Bang Theory episode without sub, it creates my confidence in English 
Left the house without any GI problems. 
Ich bin dankbar dafür, dass diesen Monat mein Budget reicht 
Ich muss mir keine Sorgen um die Bafög-Rückzahlung mehr machen. 
Today is the day that we're finally getting the ugly paneling taken out of the office! 
don't have to worry about being on the brink of divorce any more since we both went to therapy and he's on some medication. 
Johnny. 
Being able to leave at 3 
don't give a fuck what people I don't know think about me. 
we can eat decent meals everyday 
My good health 
my wife is patient and understanding with me about my hobbies, and idiosyncrasies. 
You are so helpful, you avoided me lot of troubles and saved me a lot of time! 
chance to do things intresting 
No one disturbed me today. 
Got back in touch with a friend recently, and he told me it was great to have me back. 
close to everything-- I can walk to the coffee shop 
A good playlist in the morning 
Спасибо всем людям, которые купили у меня робота. 
able to (at least partially) set my own hours; nobody gets angry if I break up my schedule so I can run out for lunch or something, as long as I get my work done. 
Megan played with me this morning. 
the first thing to brighten my day wasa win in CCcoffee was great 
Coming home from work 
Got a new phone so could speak to my girlfriend again 
Kid 
Completed computing module task with relative ease while co-operating with others. 
I can relax and be for myself for quite a time. 
Playing the piano in front of a crowd. 
Not having to wake up that early. 
Being told that Arcade Fire's new album is out soon, and finding out they have a new single out. 
The first thing that brightened my day was Meena welcoming me back into bed, being the loving wife she is always. 
got to do research for a favorite project (eLearning) 
My supportive spouse 
Having a home 
being able to come home to a roommate I can relax with. 
Ironing 3 blouses 
Puppies 
Devin is back in town! 
When Danny tried to kiss me and I stopped it. 
saturday 
Getting the coding assignment into a good shape ready for submission 
Found out some news about a possible opportunity in my department. 
very grateful for a group of friends and family that are all willing to travel to spend time with me on my birthday. 
Someone told me they were worried about me at work after the Danvers murder 
I was able to express my love-feelings for my husband by making him breakfast this morning & that seemed to make him very happy :) 
got up, got ready, and prepared well for my day. 
Making things 
Riding the Pont de Pierre with the sun shining on me. 
my supportive familu 
feel grateful because I have a great wife who is always close to me and supports me in everything in life, even if we had been in extremely difficult situations during the last years. 
That my family is healthy. 
Soolased paprika-salaami-juustu-pannkoogid tulid väga head välja. 
Safe 
Jeff working hard. 
Being able to ride my bicycle to work 
Waking up to my husband to be. 
was able to finish what I had on task and before needed. 
have worried about getting a renter in my house. 
Eddy was at home waiting for me. 
made Nopa laugh. 
Someone helped me move a big pallet into an elevator, because I was struggling with it. 
My dogs are home and happy. 
Good kvetching session with Chris. 
Holding Guy this morning 
completed a reply brief. 
went to Quaker Meeting and had a good spiritual experience. 
The work I got to do 
My son looked so healthy 
One thing I'm grateful for is the huge amount of support I have received after Johnny's death. 
so happy that I have some financial stability. 
My puppy 
My husband came back safe and sound from his camping trip. 
have a caring and affectionate husband :) He has the patience to deal with me and my mood tantrums. 
Ben and Luiz and their leadership and respect. 
A beautiful and supportive wife 
made Bonzai happy by waking up and petting her. 
Got to sit in the car by myself for a while before a meeting. 
the opportunity to take a yoga class every week. 
Coffee 
The first thing that brightened my day was someone telling me that I'm funny. 
Went to get lunch with a friend 
Seema's no longer in my life. 
Martha is a happy enthusiastic child 
My lab group got a lot of work done today and worked well together. 
probably won't have to move again for a few years, and my electric is fixed so I won't have such high electricity bills! 
it was Friday and almost the weekend. 
None 
my wonderful daughter. 
Felice and I are going to carpool to the Raku firing together. 
Students openly told me that my help was useful, fun, and interesting. 
having a fiance who loves, me helps around the apartment, and is uplifting and makes me laugh 
having a job 
warm tonight. 
Health insurance for now. 
Good communication day with Phil 
a great friend! 
Trailer x-men 
Crossfit 
Discovered a good middle eastern restaurant walking distance from work. 
figured out how most of Koha worked, and that felt great. 
Jonny took a nice early nap, which meant I got one, too! 
Nothing. 
Having supportive friends and a supportive boss 
Had more time on the bus to read 
the fact that he is a great tennis player that helps me improve my game. 
Благодарен съм, че имам уютен дом и покрив над главата, където мога да намеря семейството, което обичам и ме обича. 
First of all, I do not stress about taking care of myself - I may not be great at cooking yet, but in terms of living alone - I am more than fine. 
Happy that the girls got ready for school nicely. 
My lunch - it was spicy and filling 
Went for a walk with Mithoo. 
קפה בבוקר היה נחמד 
I can enjoy a nice audio book while I drive. 
The fire didn't go out 
the sun was shining. 
My knitting. 
spent my afternoon doing what I want to do without any interruption. 
having an amazing boss. 
had a beautiful commute. 
Being safe at home with my dogs and my books. 
No more college stress. 
The way my boyfriend tried to, and did, form a connection with my ferrets even though he didn't like them at first. 
Kuba coming to campus and dropping me home when I felt sick. 
handled my entrance exam for PhD studeis well. 
1. 
Tariq RSVP'd with some nice words 
Jeffrey doing Alicia's hair just like he did when she was a little girl 
Conversation with Ann last night and spa plans. 
My son, because without him I feel directionless. 
My rash was gone 
O meu colega em FPRO foi simpático para mim, tal como o professor 
My partner is patient and forgiving. 
was very productive at work 
Dinner plans tonight with kate 
My relationship with H 
can talk about things with my sisters, who are supportive, listen and understand and act to resolve the situation, so I don't have to bear the burden on my own. 
woke up early. 
My loving and caring girlfriend. 
Shining, warm weather 
have a good paying job 
The commute both ways was relatively stress free. 
have a loving family that has provided stability, love, security, and a fantastic upbringing. 
Always available 
The first thing that brightened my day was the moment when I completed my morning exercise, I feel so accomplished when I start my day out with that small workout. 
My mom because she is always there for me and helps me all the time. 
Brittany venting with me 
kathryn 
have real health insurance that allows me to see someone when I'm sick 
Tyler was willing to help me analyze the NMR data 
Today I managed to do my washing and hang it up to dry without it sitting in the machine for a while. 
don't have to worry about entering a 'proper' career. 
My wife kissing me goodbye for the day 
My parents can take care of themselves financially 
My wife. 
When I had to go through the month and a half before I recieved my CPAP and my FMLA was approved, and the sleep deprivation was so bad I couldn't function but still had to work full time. 
G. T. took my client to Urgent Care, then the ER, and then transported another client home for me, using a lot of her time. 
the bedbug exterminators still came even though it's all snowy and awful outside. 
Really awesome music. 
so grateful for my marriage. 
I have finished some projects at work. 
No traffic, relaxed in the car in the morning very nicely. 
kicked ass in trivia. 
I have a kick-ass girlfriend. 
Katelymn in GGG 
megan's drug use 
masturbation 
PMF 
tat I have my boys and Tracy around. 
going to the movies with friends 
I've stopped cutting 
Holly helped me find housing when I was broken 
My sister, because she inspires me to expect the best, she always has my back, and she's strong and beautiful. 
My editor likes my story. 
don't have to worry about whether or not my wife will share my Christian faith. 
had time to put on makeup and feel like I looked my best at work today. 
did some craft that I'm proud of. 
1 
w 
The first thing that brightened my day was I ate my favorite breakfast; a bagel with onion and chive cream cheese. 
I have a supportive family 
exams 
Wake up cuddles. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my daughters smiling face 
My paintbrushes- I've gotten so excited to purchase new paintbrushes and take them for granted. 
Tracy's mom said I was really beautiful 
was grateful to Yoyo for moving along the slides. 
Hearing my son giggle when I "caught" him sneaking into the bathroom while I was in the shower. 
Talking about positive actions and helping others. 
enjoy the company of my co-workers, and genuinely consider them friends. 
got the BCNM email sent out with much snazzier looking documents to represent our company. 
Getting to travel, not having to worry about money 
My boss came and consulted me on some thoughts he was having towards making adjustments for greater success. 
Att springa och att orka 
the support my father and mother give me. 
my friends come to me with their problems. 
getting dressed in my new clothes 
getting to sleep in and be cozy 
Sergio and I got to eat lunch together and have an engaged conversation about video games and the human psyche. 
she always listens. 
Zoie heating up her lunch - without having to be told. 
My current bills are paid for. 
My kids 
Mike has a good job that allows me to stay home. 
Most of all, I am grateful for how well Alex and I are getting together. 
was able to finish the powerpoint slides for vigilance that I wasn't sure I'd be able to find. 
grateful to have a place of my own and not have to live with my parents 
mom who cares 
exams! (graduated) 
I'm starting to feel better and my cold is going away. 
wake up early 
Kathleen 
my children. 
Going to church 
my family 
all the material things that i have that make my life easier 
woke up early 
my wife is amazingly patient with me 
have people who love me very much 
Getting the keys sorted. 
School 
I work with a lovely team who make me laugh and smile and feel more positive 
Lornas next message wasn't that bad 
my children are safe, warm, and happy. 
very good about handling road rage. 
a quiet day at work. 
My friends are thoughtful and consistent. 
Being loved by my friends and family 
My dogs. 
A loving family and group of friends. 
My two hour phone block was less stressful than expected 
don't have to worry about transferring colleges 
got to work with Matt this morning to install a FEZ connection for AMO, and I felt like I helped. 
Meg and I did a couple of errands. 
don't have to find a job or worry about keeping the one I have 
Completing my school test. 
Completed a test 
Gina - she has a radiant spirit 
my grandpa and uncle for letting me into their home and for all that they've unknowingly done for me emotionally and mentally. 
going to bed last night, I told my brother I loved him. 
bla 
my parents are so supportive and are always there for me no matter what 
easy drive to work 
That Kevin is still alive and that I feel like I can help him. 
We got to hear the heartbeat today, which was very exciting. 
Dating. 
1. 
having met Kevin who unlocked a whole new side of me that I thought was long lost. 
Lained well 
Breakfast, good, 
so grateful to be married to my wonderful hubby. 
Sorting out pension addresses 
Caught an earlier connecting flight home. 
Nicole. 
Home Sweet Home 
Being able to talk via skype with my boyfriend, who is away on business 
don't have to worry being teased about my appearance (acne etc.). 
My beautiful wife 
my wife to try and be calm at home despite her pain 
to have a job. 
Thinking about being more active myself means I can encourage others who want to be more active. 
could use Michael's weights 
Working from home gives me the flexibility to what I like when I need to. 
Craig is always there for me and he helps me get better. 
My husband and his generosity with my life. 
Amistad 
My computer and hard drive. 
got a $50 westjet credit on the flight into toronto 
Patricia liked my necklace 
have an easy commute 
Grateful for a husband who prepares the vast majority of our meals and does so mostly without complaint 
don't have to worry about making lunch or dinner for my kids. 
applied to, got in, and went to a school a far way from home. 
went to lectures. 
Called Parks to see how he was getting on after the recent death of his father 
not alone, i am one of the two most important people to my two little ones - there is no such job or situation that i would ever be considered more important. 
My job is within short commute. 
to have friends at work who I can look up to and sympathize with. 
triple j like a version 
my mom handed over me a short story written by me when i was 9yrs old and said you were too good . 
Some few push ups, good to get a routine of working out. 
Watched Star Trek: Voyager. 
a kick-ass mountain biker. 
Got out of bed to exercise first thing in the morning 
Got to make my own breakfast and eat it without having to tend to something, only to have to come back to a cold breakfast sandwich. 
My mom answered the phone when I called her on my way home from work, and we had a really friendly conversation that wasn't about taking turns complaining. 
Larry giving me beautiful flowers 
Vanda is an excellent cook. 
My dad is going to start working out which will help to improve his health 
stopped smoking. 
Saw an old friend yesterday 
the nice apartment i share with my two sweet cats. 
No more homework since i graduated - yay! 
Having great friends during college. 
Got Astudio going 
New system for getting DVM charges in. 
I've been able to reestablish my relationship with my father. 
Last week I came home and Chris had emptied the dishwasher, cleaned the kitchen, gotten dinner, and straightened the living room. 
My ex. 
Deborah gave me a jar of homemade apple sauce and baked a tart to share 
Andy. 
have great friends even in very difficult situations. 
Visited my sister and she was happy and content. 
got a 100 and 95 on my presentation and test for Mr. Gutmann. 
Supportive family. 
gave my sister a ride to the doctors. 
Grateful I get to wake up next to Caleb every day 
Seeing my happy healthy kids in the morning 
finished payroll and bill pay at my client's office. 
got my car fixed. 
my husband is kind and thoughtful 
Today the campus map was fixed without me having to do anything on my part. 
Kisses from Vali 
got out of a meeting early. 
my ongoing relationships with friends who live far away. 
got up and worked on the seat in my car.I got Tommy on the treadmill. 
spent time with Brendan, Jared and Connor in their room and we joked around a lot. 
This website 
I was able to speak with Lauren on the phone last night because I miss her and she made me feel better. 
My brother called me because he wants to visit with me tomorrow 
made it to class on time even though I could have skipped without consequence. 
My camera 
My family that will help out around the house with doing my laundry when I simply don't have time. 
My support from friends and family. 
cleaned up a lot of the kitchen and moved things away so Steph wouldn't be as anxious about the speech therapist's visit. 
found a simple way to execute client-side JavaScript to refresh AJAX update panels. 
my kids have become more independent. 
The first good thing I made happen today wasI got two more interviews by calling referrals for the store that opens in two weeks 
Last night was the first night we had to put the heat on. 
Grateful that I wasn't hungover today and was able to get quite a bit done. 
Joon was really well behaved yesterday, and in a good mood, which made it easier to be happy. 
My kids wanted to play outside and the weather was nice, so we stayed out front for a little while. 
Having Charles in my life 
have started cleaning up the park near my house. 
My battery powered candles 
Happy that I was able to get B's paperwork together for her learners permit. 
Working from home. 
Family 
My family 
Being with Alicia who is extremely supportive 
woke up on my own at a good time to start things. 
don't have to worry about bosses stealing from the company. 
Betsy makes me laugh. 
Tumblr introducing me to a lot of people and things that I find motivational, inspirational, or joyous. 
Being paid to do what I do 
Andre being patient and sweet with me, and going above and beyond in our relationship. 
Award for the IT department 
was really productive yesterday...shoveled, made work phone calls and checked off things on my to-do list that have been there for a while. 
great coffee 
paid off Brian's parking ticket. 
Paying bills. 
Today we had mostly nice customers and very easy phone calls. 
blueberry donut holes 
Good conference with Jeremiah teacher 
The end of the work day. 
my family 
My mom texted "I love you :)" today just to let me know she cares. 
my children. 
went to yoga 
Dani me ayuda con la web 
my boys are happy and healthy. 
Seeing my partner sleeping next to me 
we got to play with our dog as a family. 
We have a home, with heat, and electricity and can pay all of the bills on the home. 
Grateful for: Liv. 
The first good thing I made happen was completing my chem lab assignment to my satisfaction. 
my wife and her patience with me 
A colleague kindly responded my inquiry this morning. 
Kira hugged & kissed me. 
Anna and I were able to find the right door mat and finish taking photos for the vinyl at for Mercyhurst. 
Read two and a half chapters of a novel. 
Matt picked up Rosies food 
Family 
Worked on class assignment 
enjoy playing with my son. 
I am able to be supported by my mom and that I don't have to worry about financial liabilities as much. 
My husband. 
family 
was able to get laundry and dishes done. 
I still have this job 
homework 
suggested that Abril apologized to Aranza for forgetting her birthday. 
my family is still close. 
Finding a place to live after I moved back in with my mom. 
gave cinnamon pastries and cookies to the 2 guys from the Fleet group that helped us get our forklift off the side of the berm to thank them. 
was able to go to Palo Alto to help my chemist do a labpack of a bunch of chemicals. 
got up early and out the door on time to prep for 3 big meetings. 
remember to bring home butter 
You are very good at editing. 
was grateful for dinner tonight. 
Michelle I stood my ground and asked pressing questions and it made a difference 
Regan and elise. 
Michelle stopped by my office to tell me she decided to participate. 
cooked a great dinner. 
Made someone happy 
live in a lovely house that has all I need. 
had a good conversation with Brian 
Mr. Danielson let me turn in my homework after class ended. 
She's funny. 
Family 
海岩咖啡買一送一 
tucked my wife back into bed when leaving for work 
my wonderful wife and all that she does to make my life wonderful 
A friend sent me a post about supporting friends. 
Grateful how good my family is for me 
really glad that I get to work with Gerry at ACH! 
Going to the Rose Bowl 
me 
had a great lunch 
Having my first-born daughter being taken care of by her grandmother, my mother. 
Nurses complimented me at work yesterday for seeing a big surge of patients in a short time period. 
figured out how to make big colourful letters in HTML. 
My wife is great at keeping our house in order 
sanded the drywall in my bedroom 
1. 
went to dinner with my girlfriend, whom I made smile at least once. 
workout 
I get along well with my boss and she trusts me to take on responsibilities for her when she is on maternity leave. 
Chatting with Mark and Jerry today. 
My terrific office mate, who always encourages me and never back-bites. 
Fed the chickens. 
booked my bike and paid cash 
Indeed, my very long commute from work today was fast and easy; I was able to leave work a couple of hours earlier and avoided all the rush hour traffic 
1. 
My boss was very understanding and grateful that I stayed late yesterday. 
The first thing that brightened my day was riding my motorcycle to work and enjoying the beautiful weather. 
roommate time 
Snuggling with Lucy 
D helped install new faucet 
helped my friend with her math 
met my goals and received a bonus at work 
Saw family today 
Kyle cooking dinner 
My family 
Abraham keeps on tagging me in funny videos. 
Grateful I have a place to live 
My pigeon, Jinx, is eating very well today. 
1. 
My drive to work went very smoothly today. 
bought a pair of new socks and new night clothes so I could throw away the threadbare ones and sleep warm and comfortable this winter 
1. 
hugs from my daughter. 
consistent 
My family and friends 
Writing after 5 hours of not writing. 
The cool sunny day. 
Warmer weather means smaller heating bill. 
Waking up with no one by my side 
my house because if brings my family together and creates happiness. 
The first thing I made happen today was a fun lunch conversation 
My keyboard - I was so happy to finally have a full keyboard. 
did the washing up 
1. 
I am alive 
Helped a friend to overcome a difficult situation 
My parents. 
Cinnamon rolls in class and shared pomegranate seeds. 
Wife 
having the shrimp noodle that my grandma prepared for me this morning 
Working out 
She contacted me from Guatemala, said she loves me. 
Good day at work 
sleep more 
watching a funny video 
incredibly grateful for my family! 
Cuddles with Ellie 
1. 
Three stressful situations where I have handled things well? 1. 
My son passed his heart exam and is healthy. 
Bad relationships 
got onto this website and started doing something positive. 
Wife loosing headache 
boyfriend drove up to see me last weekend 
don't have to worry about studying for a test or doing homework. 
pink North face jacket. 
Two ladies at the sleep center complimented my shirt. 
Alexandra is my friend. 
physically and economically secure. 
begin studying French through Duolingo. 
My friend from my old job contacted me 
made pumpkin bread and pumpkin cheesecake for social hour tomorrow. 
gave the yaxi team a good idea for in app messages to get their friends to sign up. 
Robert: He's been my savior in so many ways already 
Got Nylabones for Mabel 
got to see Megan today and spend time with a friend. 
Being able to do what I want. 
Dogu'nun bisikleti surebilmesi 
Trafik azdi, ofisten eve gelmem kisa surdu. 
Annemlerle ayri eve cikma konusunun sorun olmadan bitmesi. 
Running a decently good call 
Helps from collegues and collaborations 
sdafl kasd; 
my daughter 
Had the kids over for dinner 
my daughter 
made dinner for me, Jenn, Rachna and Cristina and they really liked it (and it was delicious) 
have a good sister 
Paid all the due bills 
can build most anything I want 
went for a nice walk on a sunny morning 
was that someone told me that i am cool, funny, smart guy 
The first thing I made happen today was a biking geocache trip. 
Warmth with Faith and Sandra 
Waking up 
First thing I was grateful for good weather. 
A guy i met yesterday asked my number. 
klidněji než obvykle 
cleaned the house 
sorted out the problem Pat had with her editing software. 
was able to complete all of the event planning needed for Guillermo's event before I left for the day. 
a small gift to my brother 
got a warm blanket and can sleep very comfortably and slept for as long as I like. 
Went to the gym 
Waking up to the sound of my children. 
having people in my life who support me and don't judge me, who know my story and back me when I'm down and accept me. 
made my husband a special lunch 
Allan is going to take us to the boat - he volunteered! 
My spacious, affordable and accommodating apartment 
A quiet day to reflect and think my own thoughts 
To get a good job 
Meeting Keren 
Having a loving and understanding partner who really knows me. 
finally printed this letter i had to send and sent it ! 
very grateful for my family. 
my gf is very nice and loves me 
Aisling, music, driving, karate. 
my favourute kind of wheather: grey :) I like it, when sun doesn't shine and I fell me like full of energie... 
swept the floors 
Managed to sleep in 
had a motivating and fun workout with my housemate first thing to start the day. 
applied for a new job 
made several connections with people at WTM and built up a large list of potential clients to email and try to solicit business from. 
My health. 
have day off and can forget about my stressful job while I focus on preparing for my daughter's first birthday. 
Finished the Intercompany process in, although some challenges came up during the implementation. 
Made sure mums straighteners were turned off 
I have the money to enjoy lunch at a new place and talk with fellow writers about an upcoming writing challenge. 
completed many tasks at work 
I do have people in my life 
created an outfit for an upcoming show. 
My husband & I, married 9 years this month. 
No more chaos of owning a biz with 9 employees, 125 daily patients, clients, and interns, building maintence, a leaky roof, insane taxes & regulations, and middle of the night security alarms. 
DH made himself dinner since I didn't feel well. 
Having my personal documents organized makes it so much easier to pick up the pieces of life in an emergency. 
Woke to a sparkling kitchen. 
my vitamins can yesterday. 
Came to my deep depression rescue and pulled my literal out of the house. 
My parents are there when I need emotional support. 
volunteered for Pink Ribbon Day 
Enjoying my breakfast in a new way 
My aunt cooked dinner for me 
Chef scheint meine Arbeit gut zu finden 
Friends to play games with and have parties with 
My DPA. 
my family members take the time to care for me: I underwent a tough situation yesterday, and my uncle and mom went out to bring me my favorite flavor of ice cream! 
Great Family. 
Former love gone bad. 
kindness which was given by mother 
An unexpected evening with the smalls. 
Called no pay customer 
The first good thing I made was choosing and picking up the photos I'm going to send to Grandad for his birthday. 
my classmate girls organize very pretty event for soldiers day. 
got to connect with a friend during kids karate and catch up and see life from another perspective (conversation with Jerry C) 
Everything is working. 
My mom takes care of me without asking for anything in return. 
True friends (the ones I would call if something truly bad or truly good happened) 
Being able to wish my sister-in-law a happy 40th 
I have a lot of choices of what to eat, and I never have to worry about going hungry. 
1. 
Энэ өдөрт, наранд, өглөөг угтаж байгаадаа, эрүүл саруул байгаадаа талархаж байна 
Being told that there was a way for me to help out with my favorite charity. 
Joel cleaned the floors 
Today I finished setting up the new build server. 
getting cuddles in the morning, and being able to be tucked in safe when Stephen goes to work 
my beautiful daughter and my parents and good friends. 
A cat with soft fur 
faire en sorte de reçevoir les produits pour la pâtisserie 
Kev always calls me pretty lady, i can take his compliments 
made a great dinner that everyone liked. 
publicised upcoming event and thanked people who helped me. 
gave attention to my cat. 
my wonderful boyfriend. 
Slowly building a new friendship. 
girlfriend 
My hair was nice 
Mishto, and Steph and Justin, and spending time with each of them. 
Moving for the next yearish. 
Pay 
Я бесконечно благодарна своей сестре, которая во время направила меня в область ИТ и тем самым определила мою жизнь. 
My co-workers actually made me laugh hard. 
Deciding to trade US options again. 
it stopped snowing and sleeting and I was able to run 4 miles yesterday. 
don't have to worry about my diabetes being out of control as much because I am in control. 
Chocolate nut mix 
My job pays well. 
Julie said thank you for just being nice. 
Ben went through my paper outline and data with me and helped me clarify how to present my story. 
Fui al Hotel Abasto a cubrir la guardia que hacía falta. 
Food 
Walked Charley on a cold morning. 
Mama mi prinesla obed. 
Always kind 
Finished taking data 
An ex-boyfriend's tantrums 
I live close enough to walk to work 
I have a job in the first place. 
don't have to worry about money as much as I did before. 
Waking up feeling refreshed despite a grueling week 
my supportive family. 
have the freedom to get my job done without my boss breathing down my neck. 
Spending time with friends and family 
My best friend said that she loves the birthday present I gave her yesterday 
I have an extremely thoughtful and loving husband to come home to. 
My son slept in until 8am! 
Having a place to stay 
Debbie came home in such a good mood last night. 
no longer have the stress of infertility. 
Sent off the designs for an app I'm making 
Aunty thanked me for the help we gave her in airport 
Anna was grateful for the money I sent 
a supervisor, saying my session looked good 
Loving someone that loves me back. 
ger bul, taivan amidral, eruul mend 
Mom cooking dinner 
My house is warm and there is food to eat 
was told I was appreciated and that they wouldn't know what to do without me/when I moved away. 
my son woke up with a smile on his face and that we have a wonderful caregiver to take care of him while I am at work. 
My loving Family and always being supportive of meMy Siberian huskyOur older but protective muttOur great town of Bloomington, InMy Fraternity Brothers who are still at school for me to see 
see 3 of the girls today 
Grateful for my family especially for my mom. 
The lady at the gas station remembered me and we had a nice brief conversation. 
my boyfriend for taking time to watch a movie with my over video chat 
having the luck it took to have the phone lines worked on just after my boss left for the day. 
My family 
Plans to go on an adventure this weekend with Troy. 
The first thing that brightened my day was the man in 67 joking with me and implying that he'd like to have me again as his nurse if he came back to the floor. 
my kids woke up very early this morning and were thoughtful enough to stay quiet to let me sleep. 
Playing with Congo 
Bills 
Doing well on my Spanish Exam 
Took a walk 
the beautiful sunrise that greeted me as I drove over the I-35 overpass. 
George as my husband. 
have a home of my own 
Good morning start to the day with less rush, less traffic 
Having a garden and fresh produce. 
Wondering if I will ever I find someone I love and want to spend my life with. 
Took a walk outside with clear skies and little wind. 
Lunch at Blue Haven. 
JK Carrington. 
launch with friends 
went out for a walk and there was this party next to my apartment. 
meeting yona. 
comprar a Visão 
My son - he always come to momma for hugs and kisses. 
Having a job at all. 
Waking up holding my wife. 
everyday that I get to go home to my girlfriend and my two cats, who always pamper me with love. 
Got the kids out of bed and ready for school. 
Estoy agradecida porque no importa lo que haya pasado ayer o en cualquier momento, mi mamá siempre me saluda cariñosamente 
House is functional. 
Los buenos días al empezar cada mañana. 
Music 
get to work on badass math and science problems with brilliant people 
My boyfriend supports me and wants to help me be better at whatever I want 
not as busy. 
My Boss! 
Being able to find humor in everything. 
Having a beautiful place to live 
My own bedroom and a place for all of my belongings 
Josh is coming to visit me this weekend. 
playing with my kitties 
My kitchen renovation is nearly done. 
The first good thing I made happen is that I cleaned up a bit. 
My mind 
was able to get permission to work from home today while we are having construction going on at our house 
Going to Peace Village with Claudia. 
relatively healthy 
1. 
Daily newspaper deadlines - deadlines at my job are now much longer. 
day one 
Do 
Have a few friends who keep in touch with me often. 
Grateful that the AMA had a meeting where I could go and meet other professionals. 
don't have to worry about being fired 
Being on time and meeting new people at the Chamber event. 
Waking up in the morning and looking good from yesterdays workout and healthy diet. 
Dog 
Ethan posted Ja'mie on my timeline. 
Made it to school on time. 
My wife has on ongoing health issue that is currently being successfully managed. 
Committed to Kindle Fire dev for s&P. 
to have friends and family and colleagues that care about my well being 
I work in an environment where it's not a big deal if I'm a little late, or need to take a long lunch, or run an errand, or leave a little early, or take a day off if I need it. 
don't have the stress of being the performing arts coordinator anymore. 
Catching up with friends that are far away. 
i have a friend randy to help me through my difficult time and she is more supportive and loving than what i could imagine as a friend. 
pong coming over and willingly going out there to get the medication for me so i could ease on pain and move a little better around town. 
got up at the time i planned to and got into a shower 
randy because she has been there since day 1 and have been ever supportive and actions are louder than some empty words from others whoi thought was close to me. 
Conor making me laugh while ironing. 
My Mom 
My two healthy kids-they're smart, challenging, and just plain beautiful! 
Sadly one is my parents moving to Delaware. 
supporting colleagues 
Today I started work on a project that has been going very slowly prior to today. 
Quiet evening 
When grandma was sick and mum was sick and Peter died. 
that i have beautiful, healthy and loving children. 
helped Michelle with the TKD club. 
Shared talks about work situation 
Students who were actually engaged in the material. 
warm sun with my mother simle 
having a new stove!! 
my children being healthy. 
my awesome, caring parents who I can talk to about anything. 
called the insurance company and filed a claim for a car accident I was in... 
Cuddling with L in the morning and her saying I looked nice. 
Cooked breakfast for Alyssa 
wonderful life partner 
A supportive wife 
was very happy to put on my Columbia jacket that I found in Gregg's closet. 
My reiki session was wonderful. 
Die Möglichkeit zu haben, an einer Uni zu studieren, dadurch unabhängiger und freier zu werden und das Leben kennen zu lernen. 
Leas perfekter Humor, der einfach immer passt, niemals zu viel oder zu wenig, immer lustig. 
Paige getting excited about a car ride. 
Friends listening to me 
my wonderful husband who takes care of everything. 
Not having to complete any school work and not classes. 
The dogs listened better and came right away when I called them. 
Having a lot of time at home. 
completed my neuro-psych testing today. 
having such a wonderful, sweet, patient and understanding husband who loves me despite my issues. 
Make it through the first day of juice fast 
Music. 
My hair looks good and I am taking care of myself 
made it through my first leg workout 
My husband cooked dinner Sunday night 
my family is able to laugh together. 
celebrated Robins birthday with her and co-workers at the office today. 
My score on smarterer.com 
My family 
I'm in exactly the right place for me, even if it's hard and I feel discouraged, this is the best place for me to be right now at this point in my life. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
the glass jar with my dinner fell on the floor and shattered right in the middle of an awful conversation with my partner and I lost my dinner - I did not freak out, scream or anything, just cleaned it up 
didn't fight with deon, I am grateful that i could back off from her and not engage in anything that would lead to a fight, I do have some resentment that she dissed me and is so self-centered but I am dealing with it 
1. 
There were free Panera bagels in the office when I came in. 
a healthy relationship and I do not have any contact with my abusive former partner. 
I am happy that I still have a husband! 
My Abusers: most are dead. 
My family 
My husband being home when I am. 
Excited and wanting to get in it and drive.Update the facebook, of course! 
Massage at the chiropractors office 
my cat Ali. 
Fiz um melhor espresso 
My family 
I returned home two hours earlier today and found my other already there. 
don't have to prepare slides and giveaway notes for teaching cryptography like I did last year. 
My family gave me a great birthday present of a voucher for a massage because they knew I am stressed. 
A bad relationship, which wasn't abusive per se, but wasn't good for me either. 
Hot water 
I have recently met someone who is positive and encouraging. 
was grateful that Dixie brought us over spaghetti sauce to have with dinner. 
Allison got up early today and was eager to help out with the morning chores. 
J gave space for possible and real hurt. 
Food and rent 
made it this far 
The funny internet videos I watched. 
all the time he spent helping me put my furniture together. 
think the baby is still alive 
friends who invite me to attend the upcoming halloween parties. 
THAT WORK IS SO UNDERSTANDING ABOUT MY SITUATION 
working and finally sending SCR manuscript to be reviewed. 
The company of my girlfriend & her son, who keep me in the moment. 
Sarah, and her crazy mental games. 
Great music after waking up 
I have a good relationship with my brother Steven. 
feeling better and calmer, now that I have finished the corrections for my master's thesis 
I have people to work with that are good. 
Kitty's wonderful work at school, Poppy's great writing and Phoebe's drawing. 
a nice home and financial help from my mother 
Having my home and animals! 
Deciding not to help with the lawn, my difficulties with Trudy are beyond repair, mostly her fault and at least knowing the end has come in our shared housing is of some benefit. 
Relaxing at home 
Sdacha zachetov 
The first this I enjoyed was snuggling with my son in the morning. 
My honey went to the store for me AND BOUGHT THE ITEMS ON MY LIST, INGREDIENTS FOR SEVERAL HEALTHY SNACKS. 
Keena was taken care of this morning and that she has medicine to make her feel better. 
my amazing boyfriend who cleans and cooks. 
Family 
Grateful for April and Tristan. 
don't have to worry about melissa anymore 
my family 
didn't get nagged by Alex. 
Got lots of stuff done at work 
My family for their love. 
my family 
Grateful for munchy and April helping me out at the end of the day. 
Grateful I have the opportunity to do stuff 
to have a job that pays well, so I can afford to buy things I need and want. 
Will sent me a keyboard. 
to have my Elite Event for December set. 
Having food to put on the table every night 
My paycheck was deposited on time, so now I have money! 
have a home 
Working with people that have vision 
was told that I'm a good son by a friend of mine 
Making juice for julie 
having a plan 4 tomorrow 
I was rewarded for doing my Spanish essay by getting a 97% on it. 
I'm seriously underemployed, I do have a job which was lacking before. 
Nis making an effort to say hi 
Max and I had a great conversation about next gen consoles. 
such an open and supportive family 
Friendly people 
Having a friend like Karen. 
My adorable dog Jack and how excited he gets to be inside with me, eat food, and go for walks 
Pam is always easy to talk to, easy to get lost in long conversations with, and always sympathetic and supportive 
a quiet day in the office yesterday, feeling peaceful and productive 
Shelia said that she really enjoyed and learned something from the TAP consultation and thanked me for setting it up. 
My friends listened to me when I was upset, even though I may have been hard to listen to. 
My son 
My wonderful, gorgeous puppy 
got a good night's sleep, and I felt able to cope/ function better at work. 
Arrived home safely 
Friends 
my coworker v talked to me like a friend and not just a coworker, and said sincerely that we should do things together outside of work 
cleaned my room and it feels really nice. 
My dad said my orange jacket looks good on me. 
I spent a fantastic 24 hours with MM. 
My boyfriend sent me a text this morning saying he wants to start sleeping in the same bed together again. 
made a new friend at work and she is really funny and sweet. 
my husband puts up with my moody presence. 
Good morning from mouad 
Riding my scooter 
Got to go out to eat Mexican food with my hubby and spend time with him. 
Doing my arm workout even when I was going to put it off until tomorrow 
Darren 
Financial security 
Affirmation from student 
didn't give up in netrunner. 
my husband being very patient with me everyday . 
Que mi vieja se preocupe por mi y llame para ver como estoy. 
don't have to worry of living in a broken house in a shitty neigtborhood. 
Today Mike brought me a great beer as well as an entire case of Independence. 
a long time I stressed about owning property in Austin before it bacame too expensive. 
had enough time today to accomplish everything on my to-do list. 
facilitated a meeting at work that may foster positive change in processes 
My son and daughter worked together to get the chores done 
Finding a good outfit 
Blake. 
asked the post office about the mailbox key. 
my boyfriend. 
Playing a couple games of Dota 
Bank 
Work 
Clean Sky 
Counselor said he was proud of me. 
My boss and I chatted. 
Jarrod worked with me to find a way that I can teach for OSU. 
Familytime with kids when homedoing activities or outings organizationclean home and laundry done 
went for a 1 hour run 
I was able to get all the billing done today and that everyone got me what I needed to complete this task 
My good morning text from Brett 
Brett took care of Gabs without asking and made my bed. 
don't have to worry about having enough money to take care of me and gabs. 
clean house 
My friend offered me a lot of land to use at any time. 
Unlimited internet access 
Enjoyed my meditation in my corner this am 
It felt good to make someone happy by making them a sandwhich. 
Showing me you love me in small, everyday ways like making me a cup of tea 
chris called to say she was pleased I am going to dinner 
employee gave me good life advice 
the church helped with groceries 
The first thing that brightened my day was running into an old friend a conference. 
my time with Richard. 
Waking up next to the GF 
Turned in a variety of applications. 
my children have their health. 
Being healthy and 
Got a hug from Deb Bender 
My friends. 
My good family 
mother's smile 
Wonderful children 
God though a friend hugged me and said i was precious. 
The first thing that brightened my day was talking to Cori this morning and getting to work out some of my nerves about going to Chris's work to get help with my insoles for my running shoes. 
Ms. Jennie Kim praised me on the score of 2340 (2360) I received on my SAT Reasoning test. 
the fact that at 6 in the morning there was light 
found a beautiful picture frame for dirt cheap 
My dog is always so happy to see me and wants me to pet her which makes me feel good. 
we have a home and that we have so many nice things. 
The clean floors! 
had half of the day off because I went on a field trip with the art class. 
was actually able to finish tasks that I've been meaning to do for months, and I was able to get a lot of studying in. 
Grateful to be going to one of the best schools in Toronto, if not the country. 
Kanwar being the nicest person ever and letting me photocopy all his history notes when I left all of mine at home. 
Chicot - loving husband, putting us first in whatever he does. 
got the reviews done in a very timely manner. 
Waking up earlier than normal. 
Many people liked the status that I put up about my new Halloween costume and some even commented on it! 
Took Mum and dog for good walk and dog cut loose running himself to exhaustion, walked by a running brook 
My family 
Family cycle outing. 
Prayer 
Udur udriinnariig uzej bgaadaa iim bolomj olgoson eej aavdaa mash ih bayrlaj bna 
Healthy all in my family! 
Having the mindset of loving most people and animals basically right away. 
the relationship I have with my mom. 
got up 
a supportive husband 
1. 
Nothing... 
Mustang band contest 
Replacing mailbox. 
A video on MG 
My dad gave me a cool VAIO Laptop which is helpful for my studies and online lecturesMy Dad gave me a E5 mobile phone which is helpful in my studies 
dont have to worry about the Strain of Perfectionism any more, because people love me and accept me as I am. 
A meditation path of Vipassana teaching of Buddha 
My Laptop, My Cell Phone, My Daily Planner 
Quilting is a calming, creative outlet for me and in the last year I have found more time to spend on it. 
cleaned my room 
My friend PAty came to visit me 
:) 
Happy for friends of mine who are going to have a baby. 
Un bon petit déjeuner sans solitude. 
can play my computer without anyone disturbing in my own room. 
get to spend my time learning and developing my mind. 
The first good thing i made happen was I got up from bed earlier than i used to. 
The first thing that brightened my day was having a cup,of hot chocolate. 
Prepared for dinner party 
there is a system set in place for us to win in life. 
pegi likes looking at me and likes my company 
Loving son who shares his joy and affections openly and with confidence. 
had a really lovely baguette 
Spending time with people in my life that connect with me and creating strong bonds 
my students who take the time to be kind, or show their gratefulness to me. 
don't have to worry about being in school and being graded on things anymore. 
Chris makes me coffee every day, and does the kitty litter, and feeds the cat. 
my friend put our pic as a cover picture i feel good about that 
Caring for me everyday 
Lazy day with no pressure to stick to a schedule. 
1. 
Beautiful sunny warm weather 
Senior associate thought I was a third-year 
The colour of the leaves on the trees 
a workplace I like is interested in hiring me. 
no longer living in a city I don't like. 
My husband Neil, who looks after me when I am in pain and helps me out. 
the way Lucas did my puzzle this morning 
Living with my parents. 
My older sister. 
to finally be feeling better -- after last weekend and the hormonal mess earlier this week, I finally feel more balanced and more awake. 
The really great chili L made last night! 
His texting me during class. 
Early birthday present from S! A sleeveless AA hoodie, definitely going to rock it for warmer weather. 
L spending time with me, even when he was busy. 
Clegg coming by to thank me. 
Jamie. 
My fiancee is an amazing person to wake up to every day. 
handled having to move out of my parents' house very abruptly with grace. 
my truck. 
waking up in the morning 
My kids are so cool - beautiful, smart, fun. 
skated this morning and did some good jumps. 
my lovely home. 
do not have to worry about a mortgage. 
Waking up next to my husband in our nice warm bed. 
completed a test script 
transplanted the last of my lettuce plants. 
My mom helped me to wake up this morning and get moving! 
my wife because she has supported us for the past 5+ years through my unemployment and schooling. 
have the ability to do things that I love: music, poetry, thinking, etc. 
my family allows me to go to the school I want, even if it's not perfect. 
Last week, I successfully managed to not get too stressed when my bus was 20 minutes late. 
my wife giving me time and space to be alone. 
starting to make progress on my AVAC cert. 
Seeing my parents 
Fu 
Waking up this morning, because some don't wake up to see another day 
My wife 
My husband. 
made waffles with my roommate this morning and then we watched a TV show and did a crossword puzzle. 
It was not raining 
my home and the private shelter it provides former and my daughter. 
This great weekend with my ladies! 
My father and his shenanigans! 
Charlotte, she makes my life bright and wonderful. 
My husband helps me in doing household chores 
my family cares about me 
my husband and children and all the time I have with them. 
the beautiful fall colors in my garden when I look out the window. 
Breathing through pain during the last six months. 
My husband's and my relationship. 
Önállóan legyártottam a csoportok kulcsait. 
My husband does the supermarket shopping and cooks (amazing dinners). 
This is not a great exercise for me, since I don't handle stress well at all, but here goes: #1 would be that I am no longer single...not that that really ever stressed me out, but I am sure it had a bit of an impact 
got to wake up late 
Nikki offered to help me out, when she didn't have to. 
Susan complimenting me. 
my family makes my life great 
actually have jobs, so I can pay my bills 
Cuddling with Tom 
They added my name 
There's still quite a bit about myself and the world that I do not know yet. 
Exercise. 
was thankful we all worked together well to get to the movie on time. 
The people in my family and my friends make my life great. 
time I get to spend cuddling with my husband. 
Dad's fake suicides 
live in a wonderful place where the summers are great, and the winters are not harsh. 
Kat trusts me enough to call when she is sick and ask me to take care of Rowan. 
Don't have to worry about work for a while, since there are several months before the school year is done and so far the feedback at this school has been overwhelmingly positive. 
the best parents 
an excellent workspace 
gott sällskap, träning och intressen 
pushed out the door and did a run with my dog and then came home and did a run that was long enough to fulfill my run requirement 
Kind classmates that sometimes go out of their way to talk to me. 
My will to write 
Meg running about 
Reasonably good health 
Katie gives me more generous perspectives. 
health 
R. made the bed without being asked 
having people in my life who share my enjoyment of odd things 
Being resourceful and making a meal out of what I had 
lifelovethanks 
have a loving family. 
My mom is so willing to help me get ready to go back to school. 
Got out of a bad relationship 
celebration of the eucharist with Vlasto and his music was definitely something new and something beautiful, inspiring and consoling at the same time. 
was able to send out an email with my thoughts regarding setting standards for OS upgrades 
made lunch for my wife. 
Patitta, my wife, she supports me in all that i do. 
our interesting lunch conversations 
The first thing that brightened my day was happily, or the idea that I can improve my happiness level. 
Good morning text from my special someone. 
Lack of rest and sleep with all the work stuff and tasks that need to be done. 
finally took the pre-employment exam that has been postponed for over a month now, 
Neddy pot my sinus 
Lead the workout at Race for the Cure 
have great kids that are adapting well to my divorce 
Money issues are not much of a problem now. 
My husband and children 
Someone told me I looked good. 
slept in this morning. 
was able to get a doctor's appt. 
1. 
1. 
have a safe place to live and I know the rent won't be raised every 6 months. 
My laptop 
I have a family who was willing to help me in time of great need at a big sacrifice to themselves. 
My mother always happy to talk to me and hear about my day. 
really grateful that Leslie gave me a pass for the Wanderlust Festival this past weekend. 
very thank full for my great and beautifull wife and her understanding and good nature 
would say that what makes my life great is my creative view on things. 
attended my first SAA event and volunteered my time. 
My life is great because I share a very nice apartment with an awesome couple who I enjoy living with. 
I got to have lunch with Chris and be home while he had a friend over 
The first thing that brightened my day was making cookies. 
I'm still alive today.For every breath that I still take. 
Matthew and my mom. 
got to see my boyfriend and hang out with him 
my life 
That i was off work and had a whole day to sleep in do shopping and do whatever i want 
had a good lunch with Wilson 
Nice kudos email from leighanneFinding coats I like on saleFound out how to get crunchy white ice 
1. 
Being a great all-round bloke who is friendly to everyone 
Well, I'm so grateful that i have a Family who always be there for me. 
Having a loving husband, very beautiful two daughters, made my life full of giving and taking, and love making what a beautiful thing to have in life, a grace that a lot of people would pay their lifetimes to have! 
Seeing my beautiful, innocent son's face as soon as I woke up. 
Beautiful flowers delivered to me at work <3 
getting to spend all day at home with mego and aggo 
The living room wasn't as trashed by the party as I feared it would be. 
The sunlight out the window. 
Caring parents 
waking up and making myself a waffle for breakfast with banana and syrup, I ran the dishwasher which I'd forgotten to run the night before. 
today I get to spend the whole day programming and designing. 
Getting up early 
wide friend group, can usually find someone to do something with if I want 
have time to take a nap 
cant ask again the question to the boss even thought i cant understand say the things 
My family 
News about postponing of colloquium 
The first thing I liked about today was interacting with A early morning and chuckling at his antics 
Paul, because he manages to remain in my life, no matter what. 
Helping my dad to fix the piping in our house 
Meeting with pals at aintree 
Shower muss 
(Friday) A company called Consortio came to uni to give us the chance to act out a mock group work exercise that would be used in interviews. 
Eat at the table with my mom & dad..after school 
My friends and family can usually lighten my day at any time. 
My mother made a delicious dinner which I find can really reduce my stress. 
Having 14 Exams and assignments dues within 2 weeks was an interesting experience... 
my partner cooked and cleaned for me 
had an wonderful walk in the sunshine! 
survived rape 
My cats. 
sat down with Agnes and didn't want to punch her. 
my family are healthy 
Dad's free meal and massage today (Sunday) 
My sister- because she helps me take a more joyful, laid- back perspective in life 
That Ms. Lyzet apologized for her outburst, reminded me it's worth it to be calm, kind and patient 
Have a great conversation and laugh with my friends 
MY DAD 
My mum working even while sick and giving me allowances based on her care for her child. 
Eating oatmeal with a great tasting protein powder 
Going out for dinner with my family today :) 
The first thing i'm grateful for is the effort my parents put in to try and give me the best life I can get. 
seeing my daughter 
my two best friends and my parents. 
listening to Cindy Jacobs 
going to London to see Vinny 
Sweeney is a lovely lad 
I've got someone to talk with and share my feelings. 
Mum got up early to make Spotted Dick for everyone. 
Lack of friendship - now have several close friends whom I can rely on 
1. 
new batman comic 
finished grading the project I needed to grade today before my other job. 
don't have to worry about...1. 
Finishing my "Helen of Troy" book 
Friends when needed 
was still alive and take a breath... i am gratefull that i still have a friend even they dont really care 100% about me... 
I have Lisa nad had a wonderful time with her over the weekend. 
having a home and being able to relax and enjoy myself 
The first thing that brightened my day was that we watched movies and ate green onion cakes. 
My loving husband 
Mom made a really tasty food for me 
was able to have lunch with my friends and discuss then normal stuff. 
my sister because she calls me every day to check on me. 
Having Stacey welcome us home from our trip. 
Moving and renovating 
When I wake up, I feel safe and healthy. 
PS msging 
smiling grateful about my daughters childhood. 
she likes my company. 
Watching my son and his friends at the skate park 
cleaned my kitchen 
can't be happier about how considerate, caring the and kind my husband is. 
Manger une bonne omelette. 
enjoyed eating at Gabriella - the food was just OK, but the experience was fun. 
Tzviyah's trip, now that she's back home. 
Work on my book about the גר"ח 
Slept long and woke up late. 
We got to work quickly and both of us did equal parts to get the work done fast but efficiently 
swept the deck. 
You are so beautiful 
Shiba loves me and is always excited to see me. 
my sister is feeling better 
waking up early 
The first thing that brightened my day was my girlfriend sending me a message on Kakaotalk 
Snuggles from my cat 
The sunshine and fall colors 
We have a lot of sun in our apartment 
Stuff 
the support my family gives me 
My life 
alive. 
Spending quality time with my family. 
completed more than my minimum hours for the second time this month. 
This week I couldn't motivate myself to work on research, but I reminded myself that I've always gotten it done in the past and that I would make up the time later. 
Support from my family 
The coffee I had in the morning. 
having a caring and adorable family. 
Dropping a jeans size 
Learning new skill and getting things done 
meet a nice girl who said i was cute 
being back on my course and having great general health. 
Realizing i have more life and opportunity to change my mind - I also decided not to feel shame guilt or upset toward about the abrupt breakdown of my friendship with an ex. 
Acabei de organizar as fotografias do pai da sofia 
started doing my happify excercises 
Family 
was complimented on my work over the year. 
was invited to lunch by G and V. and I thoroughly enjoyed it. 
The first thing that brightened my day was having my friends complimenting my singing. 
Έκανα μια συζήτηση με τον πατέρα μου για πάνω από μία ώρα και του είπα τις σκέψεις μου, τα συναισθήματα μου, τα προβλήματα μου και ένιωσα καλά. 
had a really nice meal cooked by a friend 
My son giving me a hug and asking me if I was feeling better. 
Thank you That i live in a big house, that i can just sit and watch tv all day, that i have my own enterprise. 
Location 
One of my classmates reached out to me and gave me a compliment regarding my hardwork and dedication I have to our group within class 
Nick 
Friends make my life great, coz even if they're distant, they're there for me. 
Discovered that I have unlimited access to the archive of New Scientist and also 
1. 
When the game i was playing said "puppy." 
The first thing that brightens my day is my prayers 
my beautiful children. 
Boyfriend and I exchanged gifts. 
my students like me 
a friend took me out and treat me to lunch 
my daughter 
a family that loves me. 
Grandmother birthday 
Waking up with Chris 
got a diagnose for my problems 
- 
Guidance from boss on issues to solve 
Weston always helps me at work and in personal life 
My Wife - There are things that are great and things that aren't but she was the one prayer I made recently that came true. 
having so much friends who are very supportive. 
got accepted to the university I want to attend, so I don't have to worry about not going to the college I want! 
My office motivated me to not skip my guitar class even though I was overstressed with work. 
Looking for an apartment in a city where finding an apartment is impossible. 
Made it to a gathering and made some new friends 
back rub 
The electricity in my bathrooms works now and I feel grateful for that. 
Waking up with Eddie and Bugsy 
Went to an art exhibition of glass sculptures! 
have great kids. 
my beautiful daughter.she is kind, smart and fills my life with the only joy I have 
Funny Facebook messages 
my family and my friends for my house and life actually 
Mike tells me often that he loves me and shows his affection lots 
Wife 
finally cleaned the bathroom 
Watching my hair grow 
having a quiet space to do my work. 
talking to rachel on the phone 
Great Breakfast 
The first thing I'm grateful for is having an absolutely supportive family! 
Being loved 
Sunshine 
Cooking meals for the week 
Sam coming to look at cars with me. 
My amazing daughter who is so wonderful and such an amazing young lady. 
Exploring and sharing my creative thoughts and ideas. 
Did not get in a car accident while dealing with difficult situation at work. 
My little sister doing krate 
The wonderful breakfast my Dad made for me this morning. 
my kids 
got a lot of birthday messages 
Terima kasih Tuhan atas rekan-rekan kerja yang perhatian dan saling support, saling mendukung dalam karir bahkan untuk persoalan pribadi. 
The rain lately. 
my wife and my three great children 
to have someone who is up to help me and who always hav time o talk with me 
to be alive 
Making my tutoring appointment on time. 
Cleaned out space in closet. 
my mom. 
Having enough friends who care about me to be able to host a Halloween Movie Marathon this weekend. 
the location I live. 
One thing that makes my life great is my family and good friends. 
My brother is talking to me again. 
Kaleb starting the cleaning yesterday. 
My day was brightened by the fact that I was able to go for a walk in the sunshine on the clock. 
When I come home, there is always food waiting for me in the refrigerator. 
I bought new clothes online 
don't have to worry about my mom manipulating and controlling me. 
I had the day off to relax and do whatever I wanted 
Phil and I left today on good terms and supporting one another 
Today I got 2 baskets of un needed items sorted out of the walk in robe and got it tidy 
recommended Chateau Clarisse at the restaurant and someone actually bought it. 
get to walk to work now, which is good for my body and brain. 
my parents george and florence they have really done alot for me, 
the Warm sun rays in the morning. 
Friends that want to spend time with me. 
walked nicely 
Visiting with other parents at arena 
sleeping in and cuddling with patrick 
the support of my family 
All my family safe and sound near me. 
I live in a community that privileges sustainability and local. 
NANDA CAME TO COOK SO I DIDNT HAVE TO COOK 
had a friend to go with me to walk Roofus 
People participated in the class i taught 
classmates 
the girls being nice to me at the suicide walk. 
To have my children happy and healthy 
incredibly thankful for Nate, who came to the doctors office and was very sweet. 
Stomp orchestra in biology class 
My dad is growing a beard to join me in Movember. 
Having a lazy day. 
1. 
Greatful to Filmakers for making some very inspiring movies 
To have kids, because I love them. 
my dog 
Oxana. 
a song of bruno marks, i heard that song on tunein app for android on radio for the first time and the second song was royals of lorde. 
was able to wake up next to my boyfriend. 
Я благодарна за то, что могу спокойно заниматься собой. 
Я рада, что прошел период когда я ничего не делала и жила бесцельно 
The first thing that I am grateful for is my family 
1. 
1. 
Talking to Kakak on Hangouts 
my friend let me keep my kitten in his apartment while my room was checked. 
Mazur Alex has given me an opportunity to earn good money for doing the work I like a lot 
my husband, his love and attention 
Having a complete family 
everything my parents do for me..from providing me the best of education to fulfilling all my needs! 
Walking with my really close friend Aike all the way from my flat to the Maybachufer during the probably last sunny day of the year. 
to live with a spouse who cares about me and our kids 
To cook for them 
family 
knowledge about different things makes my life great 
Grateful for the friendship, the sharing of fun (seldom) and sorrow with Heike. 
1. 
Finally sorted out all the documents needed by the acountant 
my wife. 
Health and fitness. 
lots of work available 
My family is still here. 
have a community of practice. 
One thing that makes my life great are the pure joy moments I have with my family. 
My roommates friend offered to help me clean up after my party and talked with me for an hour. 
My healthy happy family. 
Having a good Dr's appt. 
was able to have coffee and cigarette upon waking. 
My ever supportive parents 
Socializing with friends in college, this brightens my day. 
being able to stay alone on sunday 
home is neat and tidy than wat i can do 
My kind, sexy and handsome husband who I get to spend my days with. 
I get to stay home with the kids and dogs. 
My parents 
to have a good house at reasonable rent, it has a private cozy backyard and great front porch. 
my family and friends my g/f is very helpful and my career. 
my family and friends that support me 
most grateful for having a wonderful, supportive partner in my life. 
a hug from someone u love 
To have a steady Job 
very grateful to have a very loving and supporting family. 
Thank you darling for lovely perfume i wanted to wear so much! 
Самое большое облегчение - что сейчас у меня есть прекрасные взаимоотношения с любимым человеком, который отвечает моим главным пожеланиям. А кошмар 2008-2011 годов с изменами, болью и расставаниями абсолютно в прошлом. 
Антон, конечно.Несмотря 
My dishes will get done today by someone besides me 
Friend staying in contact & caring about mePS Tracking link.... LOL 
We had cake at work! 
already have my diploma and don't need do study that hard anymore 
Being on a team with smart people doing cool things and actually liking/enjoying what I do. 
A loving husband that is always there for me when I really need him 
A home 
my lovely wife 
fight with partner 
I have Laura to speak with about the stressful situations that I have been through 
MY DOG LAYLA 
A coworker made good progress on a project. 
won't be shackled to the house in Pittsburg for much longer. 
Helped Chris and Donavan while on my vacation 
the work I have and the fact that i enjoy my classes. 
cooked dinner 
The gorgeous tired little face of Lily half asleep at 5 am when she was woken by the wind and the big kiss she gave me before I tucked her back into bed with her dad. 
There were healthful options in the cafeteria! 
The day was SOOO beautiful. 
marijuana friends 
The first thing that brightened my day was being able to wake up and look at my apartment. 
My baby managed to go to the toilet (had problems before this). 
people are generous with their giving and that I am able to efficiently process these gifts. 
Danas sam oprao sudove 
1. 
My life 
parents,mylife my pals, and above all my books 
Got uninterrupted sleep without any body disturbing 
just to be able to do for myself like going to the bathroom.The water that I have to wash and bath with my animals that love me so much 
My childrenMy health 
ljg 
Cheese 
having a shared moment of laughter with my colleague 
Waking up this morning, being able to see my kids and husband. 
solved Heather's excel problem that she couldn't figure out. 
my life. 
have to worry about everything right now 
Mom, She always been there by my side 
my son went to talk to someone about a job. 
My wonderful wife. 
my cat, Brandy, as she is a calming influence on me. 
don't have to worry about my parents health anymore 
Peter and I didn't fight. 
Having the cat nearby 
The first good thing was I packed away the coffee maker I plan to return. 
Having some time alone with Kathy to simply show each other our love 
performed all my studying for today. 
I was able to talk to my parents about the fight we had, cleared the air- grateful that my mum listened- understood my point of view as well 
for the moment I do not have to worry about my other bank account- it's in the green! 
Being able to run to my nieces house and cry 
Jeremiah helps with the dishes because he knows I hate it 
Grateful that Zac is feeling better, and eating well. 
commute 
my wonderful husband and daughter. 
my parents 
People who make me laugh 
The fact that I have been blessed with the opportunity to learn and because of that, I can travel, work and meet new people. 
Living in Tennessee valley 
Heather cooking dinner for me 
no longer have to worry about being behind on my mortgage 
Heather 
Az and his kindnessThe bunny and her pissinessQuiet neighbors and a beautiful house 
A happy, healthy, growing baby boy. 
Not having a bloody hangover 
Having my health 
Good morning kiss from my boyfriend 
1. 
My kids make my life great. 
my boyfriend for being funny 
have decided on a major 
my parents and my brother 
Dress - I really liked it and it looked good on me; I appreciate having clothes that I like and that are comfortable and suit my lifestyle 
Salma is back in swimming 
Still grinning about how awesome the party was Saturday, even with me sick. 
This may seem like a silly thing but its hugely changed the quality of my life for the better: I don't have to go to the laundromat to do laundry anymore. 
My wife came for a drink with me after work. 
Yi gave me a cookie. 
Waking up next to Vicky 
Our healthy, happy baby girl. 
was grateful to spend time with my boyfriend relaxing and reconnecting. 
Spending last night playing monopoly with Josh while Jack happily played on his computer 
Money 
1. 
sdfsd 
Being able to get away from the stuff at work, home, Forum by getting out of town. 
Smart, healthy, engaged, (relatively) well-adjusted kids 
love 
Zac was able to take care of the cats while we were in Wisconsin. 
Found my wife, so don't have to worry about finding a girlfriend. 
Seeing my wife 
Mamma och pappa har fixat mat till min födelsedag. 
meeting Nicole and Chrissy tonight and I know that we will all get a chance to put our feelings and thoughts on the table and that we'll listen to each other in the most non-judgemental way possible. 
The trip to the dog park that had kiddo playtime dog playtime and K launching herself into me for a hug 
askes teacher a question to help myself 
The first thing I am grateful for is life. 
Taylor posted a bunch of pictures 
Susan, Irina, and Jennifer all came over for dinner last week. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up realizing I had slept through the night. 
The symposium abstract was completed and fine 
People in my life that are there for me. 
I'm fully capable of knowing how to feel better or fix things that need to be fixed. 
Pictures of friends and family 
Talking with Ben. 
got to know susan, and she taught me today. 
Kaia is a hard worker and did a good job getting her project done. 
1. 
Seeing smiling faces in my watercolor class and my professors willingness to push me to succeed 
Grateful for having someone to talk to in class 
Grant making me breakfast this morning, and then giving me a ride to the computer lab. 
Family 
added two scenes to my script. 
My mum thinking ahead of time and buying me the things I needed while she was away 
have friends and family who really stepped up when I truly needed them, which makes my life great. 
Grateful for my daughter who is doing so well in overcoming a huge obstacle. 
Morning coffee 
got to read for an hour before I went to work. 
Seeing my dogs wagging their tails as they woke me. 
Mitch cleaned the kitchen 
1. 
my old friend amaya. 
have just ate an ice-cream 
Focusing down to getting some work done, and making a little (a tiny bit) of progress on a difficult task. 
learned that I do not have a Microeconomics Midterm in two days but have two weeks to do it 
got a good grade in school. 
having understanding parents 
finding a gret job 
nature. 
Saw my friend that was in town for the weekend. 
have two new projects that I'm working on and am excited about. 
Being alive and breathing 
started a fire tonight and now we are all warm and cozy. 
Smoking cigarettes 
made the boys great lunches and breakfast 
my health because it allows me to continue living. 
the kids all have good schools to attend. 
I can walk, run, jump dance-- for my body! 
Scott made coffee for me 
Spending time with rohun and my pets. 
got a report done that I'd been worried about for several days. 
I miss running a volunteer event, I don't miss the huge arguments and disagreements that surfaced within the past year. 
1. 
Having friends who will do some of my chores for me to ease my workload. 
My cat is good company for me 
being happy with my friends and family all day long 
We were actually together all day 
Jas - for taking care of me in more ways than he knows 
Excited initially, would probably use it a lot. 
cleaned off the driveway before leaving 
Woke up feeling good (at least better than usual) 
Someone is finally helping me out with a difficult project. 
Graduation - buckling down and getting through without letting myself get distracted 
the people in my life who are helping me achieve my goals. 
Today I woke up feeling oddly better than I normally. 
Marshall 
Being able to cook a nice meal for dinner. 
Walking with Aidan and Gryffin was good for usand nice to be out in nature. 
work went smoothly. 
Went to Lego land 
women like Daphne who are offering Yoga classes for kids. 
1. 
Clicking the snooze button. 
Mom cooked favourite dish today 
I have my mom who makes me feel like I'm the single most important person in her life and she helps me get through each these tough days asking nothing but my happiness in return. 
Taşındığımız ev Duru'nun arkadaşlarına çok yakın olduğu için rahatlıkla görüşebiliyor. 
Miki gives me massages 
don't have to worry about not having a home anymore. 
Seeing my family! 
Had a nice laugh in the morning with my colleaues at work 
Dad playing with the kids 
the niche carved out for me; and the trust and responsibility - I had to work hard for it; but it is good to eventually have it. 
My children is very important to me that why I am grateful. 
Dzieci bez problemu wstają rano do szkoły, nie spóźniają się. 
Na szczęście wszyscy jesteśmy zdrowi. 
Maciek wyniósł śmieci we wtorek, bo pani Oksana przychodzi teraz tylko w piątki. 
A friend shared a good information with me about musicians which i think is very useful. 
Dinner with Nadia - great, honest, real conversation! 
hit the snooze button and went back to sleep because I needed two hours more sleep rather than two hours of yoga. 
The first thing that brightened my day is finding out my sister was coming over 
my daughter 
My parents coming home! 
It was a beautiful, warm day and I didn't have to wear too many layers. 
my mom . 
greatful for having a very good family. 
Talking to mama and seeing her busy and happy in life. 
Had a nice conversation with workmate 
nicole agreeing to have lunch with me tmr because i didn't make anything 
My son 
Making coffee and feeling productive. 
my sister 
My son 
reached out to individual for assistance on a problem and he was able to resolve it within 30 minutes. 
My cat's calm, happy and loving presence 
The sky 
none 
my husband 
Hello from a dear friend on facebook that made me see that he cares... even when I think he doesn't. 
thinking about how mom massaged my feet the way she learned when she had a foot massage at her kemo treatment. 
Grateful for the beautiful weather we had today :) 
Nothing 
my family 
my dogs, Winston and Fiona. 
out of a bad work environment, which was basically killing me. 
I always have a friend to come home to....meaning my better half and my dog 
This one girl looked pretty happy to make out with me 
Loving family and close relationships 
my husband, who supports me no matter what the situation and no matter how I am feeling. 
RELATIONSHIP WITH GOD 
had not too much pain getting my dressing changed 
Having a beautiful, healthy daughter 
Hálás vagyok, hogy van hol laknom. 
Flexible hours. 
my daughter 
cleaned up a mess outside. 
How happy Sophie was to get her treats 
my daughter Sophia. 
Waking up with my dog and child beside me. 
Woke up this morning! 
Money, Family, relationship, career, peace 
Grateful for my private backyard 
My family- Dad, Mama, and Abby. 
my boyfriend and how calm he makes me when it seems my world is falling apart. 
Hearing Emily playing the guitar down stairs 
Poppy gave me a high five 
Aparna did vaccuming, prepared food, did laundry and SO MUCH more that I felt so happy and focussed on my work. 
My boss is a very nice person and cares about her employees. 
enjoying time with grandkids and family 
My husband spooning in bed and telling me that we are ok and he loves me. 
my job and the financial stability it affords my family. 
I am alive and can function 
Keeping archiving under control 
Children 
reassured Alex as to how she was feeling this morning, putting the iPad down to do so and taking time to listen to her. 
Talking to a good friend 
Coffee 
I was able to sleep past 7:30 this morning. 
flexible hours 
Worked from home today and was feeling somewhat emotional. 
One thing that makes my life great is that I managed to get a good, decent paying job for my age that allows to do multiple things. 
My family - mum living with us is stressful but it feels like the right thing to do - it gives me pleasure when it's going smoothly - yesterday she looked so happy, with her new walker and good health news 
Having an amazing family, friends and others 
Having fun with my officemates. 
didn't have as much work to do today as I usually. 
very grateful for my friend, Leona. 
Family and friends 
My family is very supportive of anything I wish to do in my life. 
sofs 
sleeping well. 
wasn't running late. 
the fact that I was able to confide in my mom about something that was bothering me. 
Seeing Ann 
Chatting to the bus driver. 
Today I sent at last the mail about the bad quality light source. 
Laughed with silvia and got her facebook 
go to a good school 
Shane.The sleepless nights with fun conversations.The longing.The flirting. 
started talking to Shane and made him fall madly in love with me. 
My dog worrying about & taking care of my sick boyfriend. 
Was coming home and seeing my wife and baby boy who is about to turn 1 year old tomorrow. 
planned a get together with someone for daturday 
Food 
food 
My parents, especially my mother works very hard for me to have all that I want in my life. 
My parents aren't fighting anymore. 
My imagination, my hope that one day I'll have everything I need to make my life happy! 
late at a university project. 
Mother. 
have a lot of money regarding some people. 
food 
Great day with no rain 
Fun banter with the team today - both the events themselves (Chris!) and sharing it. 
my daughter Gemma feels bad when she upsets me 
The beautiful, crisp fall weather when I woke up this morning and walked to breakfast. 
Beautiful view and apartment 
knowing that NY event is all in place, through my conversation with Joan. 
got an A on my French quiz. 
was grateful today for nice and fun roommates who are interested in the same things I am, and who would cook a delicious breakfast with me. 
don't have to stress about Ian, about whether or not I'm complaining too much to him, about when he will text me back. 
My daughter, someone to talk to. 
to have someone to vent to. 
It is stressful to introduce women I'm dating to family and friends. 
did my morning exercise routine 
feel blessed to be auto-sufficient, intelligent and fairly healthy. 
Talking with James this morning. 
The microwave isn't totally dead 
Having a college fund- world of choices are open to me 
Talked to friends 
Bernie gave me a receipt for a free coffee 
My family and friends 
Ashley has gotten herself up on time and on her own for the 4 days straight without any parental intervention. 
Me ganaron en Judo y me sentí feliz con eso 
Made dinner - bit salty - but it was good! 
Alan Zelanka: New fella who is so profoundly enthusiastic about many things I find quirky about myself. 
Basic Needs (Warmth, Food, Water) 
feel truly grateful my parents. 
my parents let me live at home 
Mail from astrud 
family 
made Audrey happy by spending time with her. 
saw Katie. 
Emily asked me to hang out. 
Friends that willing to spend their time and afford on me when ever I need help/ cheer me up. 
My daughter holding my hand on the way to school 
Lava-loiça estava limpo 
Preparar aulas de IC 
Most of my students came to class. 
Cleaned up Kitchen~ 
to have a place to call Home, and a roof over my head. 
went to work even though I was feeling sick. 
get paid to write 
The offer to go joggingand the support 
a great wife and kids 
Having a loving parents and having there love. 
Caught up on all of my missed email to minimize my response time to students. 
my wifi is working today. 
make enough money and have enough time to do many things I like to do, like cook dinner, hike, see friends, watch tv, read, and explore the city. 
boss is praising my performance in workplace 
1. 
I have Happy Children 
My dog 
The first good thing I made happen was deciding to stay home with my children. 
My old friend finally replied to my messaged last October 28. 
THIS WEBSITE.I HAVE HOPE THAT THINGS COULD GET BETTER.I REALIZE I WANT TO MAKE A CHANGE FOR THE BETTER. 
Having a home to sleep in and keep my stuff. 
a good morning text 
Caramel flavored coffee creamer. 
My son's good mood 
misplaced some stuff.. i thought i lost it.. empathy ...hmm i didn't expect.. a random act of kindness made me feel better.. 
Cup of coffee, short walk with dog. 
The first thing that brighted my day is the weather----beautiful, perfect fall day her in NE PA. 
Ha! Got a free favor at the lab report. 
PjM buddy telling me about what is required to release. 
My parents :They are the most lovable parents in the world.Yesterday They Called me more than 10 times coz i was not picking up the call 
Ok.....number one. 
A great surprise by one of the patients! 
Two coworkers organized a surprise small lunch! 
don't have to worry about my old and not in a good condition car , cause I moved close to work so that I can walk. 
To wake up and be surrounded by awesome cats 
Job at MetLife, that place sucked and was a dead end. 
I live alone, which means I theoretically get to do whatever I want to do, whenever I want to do without responsibilities, obligations or judgement from others. 
My cats show me love 
Billy sent me a link on Facebook to a video he thought I'd like. 
finishing work 
Spending time with my babycake 
1. 
I did not need to rush this morning to get to work. 
Having a job 
finally pulled together my artistic portfolio, so that I can display my artwork in a show next week. 
felt well rested. 
made plans to go to a Rangers game with Anthony. 
lined up our key handoff.I read a ton of the habit book. 
Lisa! 
so greatful for scotts generosity. 
One of the biggest stresses on my life up until my late teens was my abusive parents, but I've taken control of my life and I am so grateful for that, even though I'll always be scarred on the inside. 
company from my wife 
having a home to sleep and food to eat 
First me and my family are healthy. 
My loving boys. 
My bestfriend's most attractive quality is that she genuinly cares about my well being. 
made a decision to join the pink walkathon on Nov. 01 @Zabeel park even I am alone only. 
Daddy and baby playing 
not in Shreveport 
Kirsten cracking jokes like usual. 
My Grandma's death. 
had a few un-interupted hours alone in this morning. 
Grateful to have my husband Ashutosh to give me company to go to the gym and be able to do 5K in 38 min 
The shift change was smooth, and in general my shift was pretty mellow. 
Did the dishes. 
Listening to some good music. 
Erin helped me get the yard and cooking done. 
was grateful to hear from the NBC Page Program. 
Lunch with my kinds and wife 
my Mom is living with me where I can keep an eye on her. 
My mom's health is good. 
Had enough money to buy gas. 
to have so many people in my life who care about me and will always support me. 
met and talked with Joanne for one hour. 
husband 
and grateful for my Saturday meeting with Bunmi, she gave me hope and announced me that I had a financial partner interested in investing in my business 
Coffee in the morning! 
someone liking my hair 
I have a wonderful mother and husband 
1. 
Good friend gave me advise and was supportive 
Great loving parents who are always there for me. 
Opportunity to be great 
made a cake for my mum's Halloween party at work and it turned out pretty well. 
I was able to connect with Marco and that he sent me the down payment for our project. 
no longer living with Kim and the constant interruptions or spending my time figuring things out for her. 
Today was Thanksgiving and I had a wonderful time here at Ray and Laura's house. 
I already have made new friends even though I have only been in Maui for 6 weeks. 
Simple pleasures today, Christmas Eve. 
was grateful that I could help my friend with a problem they were having this morning. 
Having a place of my own 
extremely grateful for the people I have surrounded myself with since they have been so supportive and loving when I have doubted myself. 
love 
Spending time with the kids 
A program for teachers 
Looking at the ocean first thing in the morning and last thing at night. 
went running 
my daughter's spirit, her stick to her guns type attitude, even though this attitude does frustrate me. 
My work is no longer stressful, for the most part. 
Morning coffee 
my girlfriend being so supportive in my life 
I have two loving parents that are ALWAYS there for me when I need them...they always show up - growing up at soccer games, school activities, and even now as an adult to my conferences flying cross country...it doesn't end. 
my friends like to be with each other and I'm always invited. 
don't have to worry about getting into U of I anymore, because I'm here already. 
Today's discussion section was enjoyable for once. 
Had a really nice evening with Tim and Luke last night 
my parents have let me move in temporarily so that I may be able to get back on my feet again. 
good mornings from roomates and a nice cup of coffee in the morning 
The sun 
asked not-stupid questions during class. 
Getting good grades in high school/college. 
Bought my favorite sauce and ate ramen with it. 
Zoe's smile when she opened the back door for me when I arrived 
Realising how little work I have left for my exam 
kind, understanding, and thoughtful friends 
my son 
has having an amazing professor 
Nice food 
Hearing from my friend on weekend plans 
was very happy with the thought that victory is in the heart! 
My son huged me, and told the storries of my hands 
My laptop was okay, even it's soaked by some water that leaks 
meeting an old friend 
being healthy. 
Good Loyal and Srious Person 
my son got the fire going. 
my maid 
I have a mother figure who loves to cook as much as I do and is willing to teach me all her tasty recipes. 
being able spend the day with my mom. 
(pre-comment: only my man I consider as family to me, not anyone at my home. 
The first thing that brightened my day was having a customer pay an old debt I have put a lot of effort in chasing - felt a sense of achievement at work 
A friend Shared a Youtube Video I Sent to him 
No stress with colleagues anymore. 
The fact that my wife is coming with me to lunch with my friends. 
The flies. 
my children and wife are healthy. 
My relationship: Jennifer and I are doing well right now. 
Getting an invitation to play soccer from Kevin N. 
got the FAQ started on lacrosse 
managed not to overeat 
I live in a quite comfortable safe home. 
very grateful for my home, (apt) It is right by the ocean, and I LOVE the ocean. 
the fall season and the beautiful colors of the trees. 
a good relationship with my oldest child. 
The church is giving me $300 so I can pay my bills 
Seeing a friend scared, but optimistic to leave and start a new journey 
Dass er sich ohne Grund bei mir meldet 
Ich konnte die Seminararbeit abgeben ohne noch auf das Binden zu warten 
Meine Wohnung 
had lunch with my friend 
not dying in my car accident!! 
Seeing my daughter made my day better 
to come home to a family where my mom gives me a kiss right away and already has dinner prepared for me because she cares about me. 
I could have homemade food for dinner. 
really felt a way better when my mum showed compassion over my pityfull situation. 
got to sleep in! 
revised some exam material which i suppose to take in few weeks 
woke up 
Thankful for being provided a ride home from a co-worker when it was raining. 
O facto de poder estar com uma família que adoro, a minha filha (que é uma querida) e o meu marido. 
Detestei ter estado em Rio Maior, mas necessitava de acabar o estágio. 
Quando meus filhos ajudam nas tarefas domésticas 
My boyfriend tries really hard to make me happy all the time 
very grateful to have Rod as my friend. 
have a family that loves me 
Michelle because without her I would probably not have this job 
I am here to enjoy the day 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing the leaf-blower guy on campus wearing a hoodie that had a mask that went with it. 
The leaves while driving 
sold a stock for a gain 
Grateful for learning justice principles 
finished crocheting the Mohawk hat 
Waking up at having my boys home with me. 
i have got a sister. 
Getting to class on time. 
Got out of house for an appointment 
Bila zunaj s Kajtom in družinico. 
Text message from Amanda 
First thing that brightned my day: tomorrow is a holiday, which means i'm not going to work 
came home from school and cooked some food quickly, then ate before cleaning up. 
I have a roof over my head and a warm bed to sleep in. 
have a lot to be grateful for in my home life. of course i get to see my kids and spend time with them. 
came up with a halloween costume at the last minute that people liked. 
my dogs, who never judge, who share my downs and my ups, and always remain consistently by my side. 
Having a husband and son who take wonderful care of me when I'm sick 
trick or treating with moo 
When I had to laugh about a joke from my roomate 
Thank you to my beloved parents that they raised me, gave me the best education, spending all their money, all their energy. 
When I came to Cadorna, Magdalena opened the door for me and she gave me a huuuuge wide smile, recognised me and shake my hand 
one thing that makes my life worth living are my 2 beautiful daughters :-) I may not show it at times. 
Grateful about my nephews, they are nice 
Lilah stopped barking in the morning 
The ability to learn new things. 
Meg helped get me ready for my interviews. 
Curiosity, and learning new things every day. 
Thinking about an old friend that I saw for the first time in a long time last night 
smart, which makes many things easier for me than others. 
to have a roof over my head. 
Listening to the morning stream. 
my family and friends 
My mental health is recovering slowly and it has never been as bad as some peoples mental health. 
The improvements I built on a major application were appreciated by the audience. 
Getting to spend the day with my cousin, niece and nephew. 
Seeing Ashley by my side. 
get shot at while trick or treating 
Finished tasks at work 
FInally got around to cleaning; chores 
Writing three columns before work. 
The first thing that brightened my day was watching chris stumble around outside our room. 
japes and chris both messaged me being concerned about my health and wanting to help 
My schedule today was more relaxed than normal, which gave me some time to myself in the afternoon. 
Interesting results from my experiments. 
My sisters halloween outfit. 
Thinking about seeing Zelie last night. 
made it to the airport in time for my flight. 
worked with my boss on a long term project. 
89% on my microbiology midterm. 
took my sister to class 
have a ton of great friends and we make eachother laugh constantly. 
My son. 
My dad told me he enjoyed my track 
went to meet DR. 
Seeing halloween costumes at work 
eating lunch with friends 
A healthy breakfast 
Seeing my pet molly 
got to tell a good joke 
increased communication with my sister. 
My helmet got delivered. 
helped with move/collapse. 
There were a bunch of really good, non-racist Halloween costumes 
Getting on my bike in the morning and riding to school. 
feel that I did well on a test in my nutrition class despite being hungover from a halloween party. 
was happy waking up this morning knowing at least I have my home and it is at last becoming a sanctuary for me 
heating control panel - I ot it fixed 
An email from a friend asking me to help set up a business - excited - maybe i have a future that is purposeful after all 
Waking up feeling that I had a good nights' sleep. 
LLDS. 
completed 3 tasks that have been weighing on me: fixing my 115 schedule, making the next essay topic, writing the 106 midterm. 
We were able to pawn a guitar so that we could afford to buy food and dog food 
1. 
My children and the love we share. 
only work 3 days a week. 
Making my way to the park very early in the morning and having breakfast on a rock while watching people do Tai Chi. 
Katie for giving me someone to snuggle with and that listens to my feelings and lets be be myself. 
talking more so about yesterday as I have only just woken up! 
The fact that I have a wonderful home, a cute dog and the freedom to do a lot of things other cannot. 
Walking around the park 
Stereo - what great sound it gives, aahhhhhh 
did not have to wake up early in the morning. 
Having had a fun party the night before 
Je suis reconnaissant que Jess me laisse bloquer dans mon coin quand je n'arrive pas à me sortir de mon trou 
Je suis reconnaissant à Jess de m'avoir amené du Macdo alors qu'elle était allée promené Cal. 
Je n'ai plus à me soucier d'une relation toxique comme celle que j'ai entretenu avec Marie et qui a foutu en l'air mon estime de moi. 
J'ai réussi à arriver à l'heure au rdv avec le RP de Capcom. 
Il y a du soleil entre les nuages. 
Someone praised my qualities 
peaceful meeting 
Patrick, because he is such a sweet and loving man. 
Mi mi woke up and texted me and said i was impressive when i told her "appreciation is a part of like that bring joy and create connection." 
it was fun to decorate for halloween 
my kids help me keep my house clean. 
have the wonderful opportunity to go to an interview this morning. 
Trisarahtops is my friend 
a loving family that supports everything I do and they always come together whenever it is required. 
started my NaNoWriMo project. 
Heading out of Illinois cold in 5 days 
My children and wife. 
Went to school and studied for about an hour and felt clear minded for sometime. 
Waking up and seeing my kids !!!! Being alive and well!!!! 
A great group of friends and colleagues 
Kaiya, and her unbounded enthusiasm. 
successfully installed .net 
There was this girl I barely talked to before who couldn't stop grabbing my attention in lesson, yesterday. 
My job doesn't totally blow! 
have started going through years worth of items , i now have many bags of things to give to charity and some for sale for a bit of extra income. 
My dog being happy to see me 
I was able to get down to work today, without wasting time on the internet. 
First, of course, is the terrible health problems of last year's "Frankenstein" surgery. 
The first compliment was the way that Karl and Birgit treated (and continue to treat) me at our lessons. 
My husband shares in household duties 
so grateful that my husband John cooks most meals and helps take care of the home with me. 
1. 
A message from a friend 
Grendel 
To be able to share my life with my wife , take care of her. 
went to visit my sister 
Running 
Husband was home 
Family/Children 
Max saying that he really liked the music HEY WTF was doing when we were listening in the IDEA lab 
Being able to work with music every day and support something I love so much 
Delicious food, plenty of money to buy it and eat it! 
working at the dental office 
the cute guy looked at me/checked me out 
A stranger held the door open for me. 
got out of bed 
being alive 
Desconcertuna 
supportive parents who put up with my erratic behaviour 
Bad roommates and lack of social support 
chili 
a silent bikram yoga class, giving all i had and connecting to carola and abdel and özkan 
the silent bikram yoga class with marie, which calmed me. 
Using my new raincoat and boots. 
my girlfriend 
My son's Good Morning Hug made me happy. 
Being able to participate in music makes my life great. 
Sleeping in then a delicious cup of Coffee 
having a place to live 
got a good night's sleep. 
my family for always being there for me 
350 baked my day 
studied a lot today. 
Positive attention 
Sleeping in and waking up with electricity on, a/c and air filters running. 
was thinking I might start my own businees. 
had an email from a Student who had really enjoyed a course that I had enrolled him on and he took the time to thank me and tell me how much he enjoyed it. 
took the dogs for a longer walk than normal 
0 
Email from Stephan 
The first thing that brightened my day was hearing my son get up and get ready for school without me having to wake him. 
Dan told me how great a friend I was, how I helped him out with his trip and shit 
gained back all the time on my trip, plus a minute. 
Walking Sparky at Blackies 
Grainne got news that her pathology results were good. 
My mother didnt fall and made it home 
the person i like popped into my head. 
home for the weekend. 
i am alive and breathing 
Getting a full nights sleep. 
my cozy home 
bamgaaram :* 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up next to my cats, Henry and Sophie. 
patient --> always patient when I am upset or down 
Shawn being sober and happier 
Talked to someone in line today about how I quit smoking, caffeine, and drinking for better health after a heart attack. 
i have an hour to myself 
The weather was warm. 
to my girlfriend Blake who is always looking out for me and helping me with little things I have trouble with around the house, like where I left my keys or what we are going to eat for dinner tonight. 
plan a project 
dvd 
w 
d 
k 
c 
Jessica texted me this morning 
Friends want to hang out later 
Katie and I have similar taste 
seeing all my family and people who love me and accept me who i am 
Kids 
Seeing Hanas face in the morning and smelling her and kissing her. 
My funny cats that always keep me entertained and laughing 
a lovely cup of namaste tea 
I, unlike many other people in this world and even in my own country, have steady employment and income to support myself and my family. 
My uncle was going to help me with driving lessons. 
Someone posted a fic for the pairing that I like that is not very popular at all. 
Mec told me that it is ok to ask her questions. 
BP sent me a link to a story that she thought I would like. 
The biggest thing I don't have to worry about right now is a romantic relationship. 
Links from BP. Always great. 
JCW let me talk about my depression and worries for several hours on the way back from Hawarden, as well as paying for lunch, while I continued to talk at him. 
she puts up with my near constant chatter. 
My colleages respect me. 
Having a friend answer my text and be nice to me. 
- Talk to a friend about our future (we are graduate students) 
Nice weather 
The first thing that brightened my day was the surprisingly warm weather. 
Being invited to a girls night 
my kids health, 
my girls helped clean up the yard and move stuff 
We have a roof over our head 
Vegetables 
Having Sarge tell me Good Morning, Mommy! 
My puppy got in bed with me this morning 
Hugs from people that cared about me 
Going for a walk with Mark was fun. 
going to library to work 
got to school early 
smell nice 
That Liz hang out with me and that she loves me. 
Japanese Animation (Anime) 
My grand children 
Her ability to genuinely listen to me when I need to get something off my chest 
CM emailed me back asap 
able to march on with my lifelong dream, and we are getting better and better. 
Got a haircut 
ME senti bien conmigo misma en clase, senti que he aprendido mucho en is años de estudiante 
My friends 
worked today, helping my client. 
my husband 
The thought of my son coming home. 
Someone asked to take my photo as preparation for a painting! 
Spending time with my daughter. 
my ex helped me out when he did, and that I can also help him out in some ways. 
living in a developed country 
fucking my bosses daughter 
Lee-Anne being pleased to see me 
Understanding mum who is open-minded enough for me to NOT have to do something / get a job that I don't want to do, just because of the status or stability. 
Having Mia in it 
Speaking to my son and arranging to be with him later on in the day 
Marilyn made a funny joke about "grazing goats" being part of the "Can You Hear the People Sing" song. 
My wonderful husband who shops, cooks and makes me laugh. 
The hassles with the latest book.Coped by keeping my sport plan in place. 
Iam grateful for being in good health. 
Seeing my girlfriend's new profile picture of the two us together 
My friend took the time to find and send me an important document that I need for work. 
I get to be home with Colby. 
Tidied up the kitchen 
Lie in and talking on the phone 
Bill responded to the mice problem 
Having a supportive boss who understands my perspective and the things I am going through. 
Margherita è stata con me al posto di andare a messa e mi ha fatto divertire! 
A good boss 
GodLoveSaintsThe Catholic faithChastity/Celibacy 
Time!the weatherwhat I eatwhat I wearwhat I do 
Yesterday ...1. 
finished rebuilding the laptop at work 
Kitties :-) 
my friends who help me through problems and when I stress out overly or get depressed and give me sound, good advice and new perspectives on solving problems. 
my co-workers continuing to boost my spirits in stressful time. 
My husband. 
my family. 
your shirt. 
my girls and grandbabies are all healthy and happy 
made a great almond milk latte for myself 
Happy I have a job that allows me to feel useful. 
Three beautiful children who are kind and supportive clever and funny 
Not being the one in control of the finances 
pad. 
Heard for Paul 
went the town hall and got help figuring out where the lot line is. 
Made great rum punch 
raking the leaves in the back took just over an hour 
extremely grateful for Ava my daughter because she makes me laugh, she is creative, and she shows me so much love. 
My uncle and aunt emailed me videos of their vacation trip. 
had a nice walk into work. 
Having a coffee and croissant with my family 
Adam doing laundry 
Work colleagues who are patient with me 
1. 
my parents are flying me out next week to visit and that they are answering my frequent calls when I am very depressed. 
1. 
Computer -- It's sleek and the screen is fantastic and it so much faster and easier to use than the laptop I had before. 
My eye exams were negative for glaucoma. 
mom helping me 
to have made more time for my playing guitar and uke 
still being here on earth .Im thankful for having clothes on my back food to eat and shoes on my feet also a place to call home. 
Gæster og gode samtaler til morgenmad med venner (selvom der var børneglam og jeg ikke følte mig særligt nærværende til at begynde med) 
at kunne dele fælles oplevelser og en fælles historie 
Elana b was really happy to see me at kavod 
a friend texted me to find out how I was doing. 
making a positive connection with a patient during therapy 
we got the chance to put the wood away 
Saturday mornings at home with my family and the cats 
the jobs we have been getting that are new and more exciting to meet new people 
Agradecido con Dios por todas las bendiciones tan maravillosas que me da cada dia 
la muerte de mi abuela 
woke up healthy and beside my wonderful nephew and niece. 
fed my cats minnows! 
was able to sit in the sun with Zack. 
don't have cancer anymore. 
Hearing my fiances voice as she called to wake me up 
being allowed to study at home and having such caring and thoughtful parents taking care of me. 
all of the people to whom I came out didn't reject me. 
spoke to my family 
my mum and sister 
1. 
getting out of bed 
Trustworthy 
catching up on my lesson plans this week 
My mom wasn't mad that I bailed on her. 
My husband always checking on me. 
Hannah and I finished a jizsaw puzzle together 
Luc says I'm a good writer. 
my husband would driving our son to school, He is learning how to cook as well. 
Great weather 
Having the 2 of them in my life 
My family. 
I was able to meet the contractor and discover the source of the leak in the fireplace. 
Cuddling with my baby 
got tips on relationships from a friend 
Helping people have more harmonious relationships with their pets 
moving to a new and better country. 
to have a nice, peaceful home that I don't have to pay bills for at the moment. 
My five year old was misbehaving at a our first school function together and he was starting to throw a fit. 
Did my chores 
Family, friends, health, knlowledge, oprotunities, freedom, love 
Getting good home cooked meals 
made a awesome mock up happen! 
Waking up feeling rested 
thought about helping St windproof his house 
The fist thing that brightened my day was I woke up to some cool breeze blowing in from the window. 
Loyalty. 
to be able to pick up a pencil or musical instrument and make with it something to express myself. 
My workday went well today and we had a steady flow of customers and I sold over $1,000.00 
Living on the Beach 
Colleagues that are interested in my creative project and who want to help me make it into a reality! 
The first thing that its good is that, I woke up today. 
free to do whatever I please and I am completely independent. 
Flush toilets. 
took dogs for vet check up. 
my kids being so creative and motivated to things they are passionate about. 
went to the hairdresser....I have gone religiously for over 10 years but since I have been in a relationship i havent had the time or have lst the need to go. 
Jeg er glad for, at Marianne uden videre inviterede mig til Winchester. 
Was invited to attend some event not work related to socialise outside of work 
Relationship breakup- I barely coped at times and eventually realised that it was the correct decision as one or both were not happy. 
friends 
Being able to make other people happy, simply by giving/sharing my positive thoughts in life. 
got everything into the car at work and at home no problems. 
My home. 
Someone stopped to let me cross the road. 
SAUSAGES! 
The health of my family members and that we get along 
A text message from my best friend asking how I was 
J'ai cuisiné une bonne soupe aux légumes, un pain de viande, des paninis!!! 
Edna's comments and the fact she was just writing to me 
being alive 
Grateful that my daughter found balance last night 
The first thing that brightened my day was the lovely cowl I'm working on for my friend. 
The sun came out. 
took a lovely long walk in the cool fall weather. 
My wife 
my little sister came into my room and wanted to spend time with me , she looks up to me so much . 
woke up early! 
my little brother. 
my 2 cats are on my bed 
The first thing I am grateful for is my family. 
He went shopping with me yesterday to target, the craft store, and costco places he normally can't stand but he went because I wanted to spend the day together 
Michael did almost all of the dishes without griping as much as usual 
Met the people i love 
my grandmother is still alive today. 
School is off my plate. 
Cofee 
resolved the problem with the internet despite not really knowing what I was doing and being annoyed that it became my problem. 
won a football match 
The first thing I am grateful for having a workspace separate from my living and sleeping spaces. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
Spending time with my mom. 
Racked yard with Burl and did the flower beds, he wouldn't have if he did the job alone.Made a pumpkin pie.Did 2 sinkfulls of dishes and cleaned the house. 
Children 
My next door neighbour tericca knocked with some home baking for me 
To get out of bed each day, very difficult for me as bed is my safety zone,comfort zone. 
I have such a loving partner.he 
Finding out I had cancer.i 
my family comes to visit, they all get along. 
my mum's good mood. 
My daughter Esme, telling me that she loves me and giving me a big hug. 
hung out with my friends on friday , we laghued alot and talked about good stuff and we got closeri also did not stress over what i was going to say to them 
The day isn't over yet, but I noticed and complimented my coworker Craig for bringing in extra snacks. 
The cat. 
Gratitude is really hard for me because I poke holes into things, but. 
The view both on the drive there and on the drive back was beautiful. 
I've been trying to lose weight and get back in shape. 
had lunch with my parents 
Sparky, Daisy, and Petey 
My job - it allows me to provide for my family 
My husband is so helpful around the house. 
My friend Lianna, although she too can be quite negative its nice to have someone who can relate to your problems so you don't feel alone. 
One thing my boyfriend did recently that makes me smile now is he was really affectionate and playful today which was a nice change considering these last two weeks when was a bit of a jerk and annoying too . 
Hugs with my fiance 
Diving my jeep 
My family supports my choices 
The first thing that brightened my day today was Bailey coming into my room with a craft picture she made for me. 
MN note 
Mom bought pumpkin cheesecake from Market Basket! 
Kindness 
Brittany 
I've gotten to know friends who are kind and patient and willing enough to help me with a silly project of mine. 
Chelsea and I exchange different tea flavors with each other frequently. 
dont know why my mind is totally blank and dont know to do to get rid from mind 
Grateful for family 
My boys came to visit. 
Stopped talking before I asked for more from myrelationship 
Reading in news paper that Virat Kohli has acquired first place in ICC ranking. 
being born in this world, to be alive and to live happily together with my family. 
That i woke up to see my lovely daughter 
showering, I remembered to both shower and wash my face, making me feel a lot fresher. 
to God for giving me such loving and supportive parents. 
was able to get through the day without a meltdown or anxiety attack. 
Being robbed while working at the bank while I was training the new person. 
got stayed on track and got some school work done and worked out! 
I have a nice partner who is kind to me and we have fun in the house. 
got the laundry done despite not finding change anywhere. 
woke up healthy and my children are health 
Support from family in dealing with doctor's appointment 
Job insecurity 
Greatful that I was able to help to a friend move yesterday. 
have the opportunity to work for clients that need me. 
The sun is shining, it's cold but bright and just seeing the beautiful hills that start at the end of my road makes me smile and glad that I live where I do. 
F is for the fire my husband has built, lit and is now roaring away keeping me and the dog feeling cosy. 
very grateful for having a wonderful place to live and food; no worries about homelessnes, lack of food or medical care 
taking Mom and Dad to Manchester to see Annie's performance in Shrek. 
My Mother, as she is the most trusted person for me, with me always in any circumstances & my strength. 
Waking up next to Dom and feeling happy to be with her when I looked at her. 
anabel liked my new dress 
laughing in the backseat with my kids 
big work project 
mother did try to help 
When I woke up from a nightmare I had and realized that my little cat is well and healthy!! 
Nice looking hair this morning. 
Awesome friends who are supportive and cheer for me from afar! 
someone else to give perspective and help me from freaking out over everything and convincing myself it is the end of the world and absolutely the worst things ever. 
A friend bought me Regular Show socks because she noticed I was feeling stressed. 
the beautiful sunny weather and the beautiful fall leaves in Chicago yesterday. 
very grateful for my husband. 
a full-time job with regular hours and a regular pay check. 
Lucy lives in Louisville now It was great to see her and Zooey this weekend. 
managed to stay calm donated sports equipment 
the people i love 
my personal room 
My children are well mannered and loving with a sense of fun. 
have food to eat.I have clothes to wear.I have a bed to sleep in. 
My mom sent dinner home with us so I didn't have to cook tonight which lets me get more stuff done. 
got an invitation to read for Cherokee Rose for the DC Naked Girls Reading. 
1. 
My boyfriend who is so overwhelmed, but never quits trying with us (even though I'm still very hurt deeply by him)...I always care deeply for him...and I am glad to see him happier and going on with his own life. 
John being so upbeat on coming back to work. 
a friend called 
My friend, Jennifer, who reminds me to be mindful and slow down and lets me help her in return. 
Chocolate cake 
Brianna my daughter - who I love dearly and admire greatly. 
walk by the lake 
The first thing that brightened my day was not having to go to work on a Monday morning. 
Text message from Sam 
Even though I was late for a meeting this morning due to traffic, I knew it was not a big deal. 
My friends 
You're talented 
A hot cup of fresh coffee when I woke up. 
There was a relaxation/meditation workshop at work in the morning. 
Michael hung my Dancing Bears print. 
My morning coffee 
The bear-in-the-office prank was hilarious. 
The first thing that brightened my day was having the day off. 
No kids at school today! 
A clean and strong house. 
Mike made sure I had the brain freezer pager before I left the house today. 
got to spend time with Darnell 
had a picnic in the living room and watched movies with my significant other. 
when the kids came home from school, there was no hassle with their homework and no nagging for snacks. 
to have sun shining on me in coffee shop 
sincerely grateful that I have a nice roof over my head. 
worked 
Making it through an MRI without having an anxiety attack!! 
Today was rainy, so I took a cab to work. 
colleagues who show active concern after I've missed work due to the flu. 
my son and my daughter. 
the repairman fixed the heat 
getting a new promotion 
Seeing Jack feel better after a rough start to the day. 
Nature - grateful for the sky and plants and trees and animals I pass as I walk. 
my latte 
Having a good trainer 
have a job I help familiesI have benefitsI make babies laughI like my co workersI was looking good enough to be hit on by a wic daddyI can find stuff to laugh about 
Where I go when I die. 
so grateful to have regular Monday night Skype sessions with a good friend from high school. 
don't have to worry about an abusive relationship, (that ended half a decade ago) 
the macaroni & cheese I used to love is no longer all that great now that I've been eating quinoa saute, thai curry, and other fresh amazing foods. 
alive 
My girls, my dogs. 
Grateful I am closing my store 
1. 
Toxic friends 
I have a loving and supportive husband. 
I was able to help my husband and Frank today. 
My kitties and friends, and how much my friends like my kitties. 
the time with my friends. 
we have a home that fits us and doesn't require constant maintance 
a husband and stepson who were graceful and sincere and funny and helpful in the face of tragedy when I felt very shaky. 
Bri did the dishes as a kindness. 
My kids and family. 
making progress with finding out about my neck. 
started the day right. 
My friend said she wasn't surprised I was able to do what I did because I seem very confident 
I have enough mental strengths to pass my mid terms with good grades . 
Waking up on my own accord after a very restful sleep. 
my sister because she always loves me no matter what. 
A family member having cancer. 
alive and have a wonderful person by my side. 
have two beautiful,loving,children whom I adore. 
Cuddling with my kitties 
spending time with my sister every day 
my living quarters are slowly getting less cluttered, cleaner and more organized and looking more like a place where people reside than a place of storage. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting out of bed and going to work. 
It was payday 
My little sister has started working out with me, which makes it much easier to get myself motivated. 
My husband 
I.m grateful for having a job. 
the dog 
waking up and not being as nauseous as I have been . 
Katie got up on her own 
My husband came to fix my truck with a friend who could crawl under to put a new alternator on it. 
Husband 
Tyson 
My fiance 
a tasty breakfast 
My daughter gave me a hug and told me she loves me. 
Joie and Chelsea doing thier work 
My daughter wishing me a happy birthday! 
driving to work and seeing the sun come up 
Grateful that Kelli is taking such ownership in the marketing program 
my mother's help. 
Complement, help from coworked, 
1. 
Dee letting me borrow her Wang! 
to wakeup 
Grateful that I was able to get out and about to get medicine. 
first thing that brightened my day was Dan saying kids are kids and I a good mom 
woke up early and had plenty of time to drive to work. 
to Chet for his help with the house & the kitties 
always have food on the table for my family. 
my work 
woke up at the river to a bright sunny day. 
Meeting with supervisor went well. 
nice weather 
was grateful to wake up and all of my family under one roof. 
my daughter Alicia's help with my younger daughter meaghan. 
grate-ful that I feel loved. 
Getting ready for school 
was able to go all the way back in Dick and Mines texts to April and screen shot all the ones I wanted to and save to my computer. 
waking up 
tabitha, 
my children, husband, and family 
Getting to watch the new episode of the Walking Dead. 
my husband and daughter still being alive(I have seen so much death this year,that it made it apparent that I take for granted that they are still in my life). 
That my husband's ex-fiance' isn't in our life anymore,causing problems. 
Sunshine 
My beautiful children. 
I don't have to live with my husband anymore and deal with the daily stress, anguish and anxiety of him. 
husband who is supportive, , 
Grateful having a home to come home too. 
my kids all sat down together tonight at dinner,got along and had a nice dinner conversation 
The first thing that brightened my day was receiving 2 unexpected paychecks in the mail. 
Sunday no work! 
my problem student made some positive progress 
finished my report cards 
Went to my friends had lunch 
i have food on the table and my dog is healthy 
being able to be a stay at home mom is amazing. 
having a roof over my head & all my basic needs met 
have a nice home 
solved a work problem 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting a pumpkin spice latte at Starbucks 
a loving and caring husband. 
my husband. 
had a co worker tell me what a great job I was doing at work. 
spending time alone with my youngest daughter 
Taking my mother to a doctors app. 
having breakfast with the boys 
the baby takes naps so that I can get things accomplished. 
my home, and how beautiful it is. 
A patient told me they were glad to be coming back to the office because I was always so kind and helpful to her. 
Having a roof over my head and money in my pocket 
When Amy came to the meeting early and was happy to see me. 
was seeing my beautiful Daughter,s face.see 
got to wake up with hunter next to me. 
handsome from Tetyana 
Nice text from Tetyana 
support of husband 
my son 
my house, which keeps me warm and safe, especially since we have a bunch of snow. 
my family 
Hearing my son laugh really hard as my mom was tickling him 
Greatful I was invited to a networking event 
Ken actually gave me his time and listened to my thoughts and reasoning behind why I thought the new program was wrong. 
I finished my orientation for my schooling and did well on the tests. 
FB so i can keep in contact with the friends i see everyday, and the friends and family I only see twice a year. 
Grateful for for my boyfriend's support and attention. 
Boss let me go early so I could make my appointment 
My cat woke me up so I wasn;t late for work. 
talking with sharonette about problem and realized he does truly love me. 
A lady stopped me to tell me she loved my "boggin" 
my health 
the first thing that brightened my day was getting the login information for me to upload the new website for the church 
Having one of my swimmers that had cancer is back 
my family is alive 
held a baby 
My dog 
my husband, who puts up with all my moods and loves me for them. 
waking up to find 4 cats and a dog on the bed waiting for me. 
my parents who are so ready and willing to help support me in finishing my education. 
Lou took care of most of the house chores 
Amy and Jason purchased a new tv 
Kids 
A patient where I work told me he missed seeing me when I was out for a few weeks with a broken leg. 
Spending the night with my man 
my family 
worked on my dissertation 
Looking pretty good when I went to Reeds. 
my husband and his hard work. 
Made Jaycee's poster 
my family. 
Talking to my sister on the phone today. 
health 
my work 
A text from my daughter that was funny. 
God for sending his Son to die for our sins 
My hobbies. 
Katherine Manley's smile 
My daughter sent me a text that said I love you. 
got things notorized 
My house 
When I went to Lower Elementary this afternoon, the kids wouldn't stop hugging me to the point that I was falling on top of them. 
Cuddling with my wife. 
where I live. 
interacting with people who walk thru the office 
Michelle, for not giving up when I was so negative about my photos. 
Talked to a friend on instant chat. 
electicity 
saying good morning to nicholas 
Brandon is a very good helper around the house 
felt better after being sick over the weekend. 
The one thing that makes my life great is my mother 
1. 
Cleaned the kitchen 
My Daughter 
Got my nails done. 
my kids 
A friend is visiting 
my 2 children, the are healthy and beautiful. 
my kids and husband liked what i made for dinner 
David was patient with my being stressed and sweet when you held me. 
My family: kids, David, Peter, puppies, family of origin, etc. 
got the McAfee package sorted. 
nothing 
to talk to my kids 
my relationship with God that he is he is all loving and that he will never leave me. 
Spent time with Uncle Bill 
my regular crew was on duty. 
got a haircut 
Getting a ride to work. 
Don brought me Waylons lunch box from out of the car this morning . 
was able to get up with my alarm, get the kids ready, and got Kevin to the bus stop on time so I could use the car today. 
Today, at work I assesed the damaged DVDs and AB for a coworker. 
I have a home to come home to many people do not 
I woke up this morning 
I have a nice home to live in while I'm there to help my mother 
my gaming group. 
laundered and made the bed 
my children 
Money for food 
feeling the fresh air, drinking coffee, asking god to help me, thinking of my grandchildren. 
my grandchildren they fill my life with joy and their play makes stronger 
My thoughts were considered on how to manage the numbers, the CD said it was a good idea. 
Seeing my boy first thing in the morning. 
made an A on my A&P test on muscles! 
everyone is healthy 
take dog with me 
The first thing that brightened my day was I waited patiently to obtain my trip permit even when there was a hiccup at the desk which made it take longer. 
worked hard to meet with several people about important things to them. 
Watching my daughter experiencing falling snow for the first time 
was able to get the dishes done while Xavier was sleeping 
My husband, he is my greatest support, my biggest fan and always there when I need him. 
the kids got up for school on time! 
Toto still being with me. 
waking up by my fiance's kiss 
Spending more time with my family. 
made a sugar free chocolate cake today 
privacy yet not alone 
I have a friend that would lend me a car, and has the grace to let me still drive it after that accident...Yowsers...I have a good friend in her. 
my apartment. 
me happy getting through school and keep trying and never giving up. 
got to hold a baby today. 
the first thing that brightened my day was making ryan laugh doing that funny noise from american dad 
my son is open and engaging and enjoys talking to me and asking lots of questions 
alive 
to have five, healthy children. 
Vince did not ask about my lesson plans. 
health 
was able to finish all me work for the month end close at work. 
Nancy who always thanks me for helping her and keeping her motivated 
Almost every day Nancy tells me that if it wasn't for me she would have quit. 
My husband who loves and supports me. 
My husband 
to have a loving daughter, mother and sister. 
call from friend to come look at puppy I may want to get. 
got ahead of myself. 
1. 
Paisley waking up crying, then laughing as soon as she saw me. 
Dean let me stay home. 
M does the laundry and cooking 
The first victory of the day today was I showered and got out of the house before noon. 
took aela to dog park 
the support of my parents. 
Waking up to my cat snuggling next to me and purring. 
seeing my sons face in the morning 
Grateful I have a bed to sleep in! 
Thankful that God blessed me with waking to a new day. 
I was able to complete my work today. 
have all but stopped road raging after thinking about how hard it is on my body and my passengers if i'm screaming at every single driver! 
made elizabeth happy with a little jar of condiment that i gave her. 
my amazing supportive family. 
My new laptop 
My daughter got married last December.This was her first Christmas away from home. 
Richard..my husband..for his thoughtfulness and for all the hardwork he puts into making our house a home. 
My life is made great just by knowing that I have a family...my husband, children and relatives....forever grateful 
my home...because everyday I come back from work and I have a place to call home. 
everything that my partner does for me. 
My daughter was admitted as an attorney. 
Grateful for my daughter Monde who makes me laugh at 5 am in the morning whilst preparing for work.Gives me a good feeling before I start my day 
Today is lunch very nice food thx dad and mam 
filled the prescriptions at work in under two hours while multi-tasking 
My family and friends! 
bumped into Pia and Renz, and got to hang out and catch up with them just for a little while. 
One thing that makes my life great would probably my ability to interact with strangers. 
my balcony 
STARTED MY BREAD BACK UP 
It is Dave's birthday, he opened one present before work, a book on Vasco Da Gama I bought him and was very pleased with it. 
Thankful that I have a day to spend at home to concentrate on myself. 
Our staff meeting was up beat 
Money 
Friends who I can call on when I am feeling worried, who give me comfort through their kind words and prayers. 
Being in Asia 
I found a good book in gramedia and was anticipating to have it next week 
My family's good health. 
My little dog friends who keep me active in the mornings. 
When I took off my "blinders" an saw that it was daylight -- this meant that I had had a good night's sleep. 
Waking up to Tommy, Tuck & Maddie 
I have a husband who is willing to change the behaviors that affect our relationship. 
Patty and Mom taking Shivee to swim lessons when I had an appointment. 
Samy me pregunto si queria usar su auto y ella irse sin el al trabajo, a pesar de que no lo necesitaba el gesto fue muy lindo. 
En primer lugar me estrese ,ucho por la practica, sufri bastante en ese momento cuando me sentia absolutamente perdido y hoy ya no esta ese stress. 
my kids im grateful for them being in my life 
had food in the house for breakfast as I woke up very hungry 
A nice flat, in an exciting city. 
My friend Meghan who sent me a very nice text message on a day she knew I would need support. 
my beautiful supporting mother 
my friend michael got in touch to do "out of my comfort zone" activities 
swimming 
1. 
My mom told me to say hi to Lee for her, even without me mentioning him. 
You never make me question the love we have for one another, thus providing an incomparable sense of security; not only between us, but in myself as well. 
My family 
When I woke up, I felt extremely tired but on the bus I listened to Arctic Monkeys and took a short nap, this improved my mood. 
working out 
I have a job 
Dogs 
My childrenFood on the tableMy bathroom flooring 
Children 
snow 
The first thing I am grateful for is my husband. 
woke up to see my munchkin snuggling in bed with me. 
my husband is now a recovering alcholic 
Got Noah fed lunch and to school on time. 
Lymphedema leg doesn't hurt 
ahome period! 
Phone contact, being able to hear their voices. 
1. 
i am a good person 
my kids 
My smoothie was yummy :) 
a mom who loves me and is willing to help if she can 
a mom who loves me and is willing to help if she can 
the fact that Jo Anna loves me 
1. 
Thankful for brothers and sisters who are my best friends 
my husband has a good job that allows me to stay at home with my son. 
don't have to work cause my husband works and makes enough to support us... as long as we maintain a simple lifestyle. 
having a husband who shows me he loves me 
God 
My best friend told me I'm one of the loveliest women she knows 
there was enough to eat 
my sound mind and my willingness to make another smile about something! 
Kids, all so good and all love me. 
Waking Up. 
being alive. 
My dog. 
1. 
was alive 
Fran, always saying I love you and putting me up on a pedestal in some ways, at least temporarily. 
Having alone time with Chase, just enjoying a movie and cuddling. 
My dog 
My grandsons smiling face. 
extension on phone bill due date 
I woke up and I could be with my son and he was heathy and happy. 
was greatful today for Nick and Brittany going on vacation. 
I have a man in my life that cares enough about me and my kids to make sure my car is safe 
friends who are brutally honest with me. 
The first thing that brightened my day was Jason focusing on me as a person more. 
lexy 
accomplished a lot at work and was complimented on my efforts. 
My husband told me I made the right choice 
Hubby gathered up all the trash for me last night and took it out! 
Yesterday was my fiancee's birthday, and even though I didn't have the money to get him anything extravagant, he really liked and appreciated the gifts that I got for him, the dinner we had, and the mini cake I got for the two of us. 
organized our GivingTuesday donation. 
Bren & I went to vote, I wrote in an excellent candidate, plus I get to vote and I voted. 
my daughter Julia 
Being able to have lunch with my family, we each took time out of our busy schedules and went through the trouble of traveling to be together. 
a worrier so I stress about a lot of things almost always, real or imagined, past, present or future, and having others tell me that worrying isn't going to change anything, or it's a waste of time, or it's not good for you doesn't help me in the least, it just makes me feel ridiculous, upset, sad, and that I'm the only one that worries ever and that I should be able to not worry ever like apparently everyone else can, even though I know that can't be true. 
Doug took Frank out for a walk so I didn't have to 
being able to answer wo questions on my Tma for S250. 
Grateful to be alive 
the Prelude is still in decent condition and that I can get to work. 
a task completed well 
The fact that I had something to write about. 
My husband holding me close last night when I was hurting so bad. 
to my in laws for helping us to buy a new house. 
have been approved for the surgery I have been working towards doing for 3 years. 
Grateful that I have a friend who is willing to share her home with me. 
don't worry about a place to live for the moment 
was able to afford filling the gas tank today. 
slept throughout the night and woke up and felt good! 
so grateful for my daughter. 
moving 
Purchased xmas tree for the library 
my husband is loving and committed, that he works hard and wants the best for everyone. 
That kids went to school without incident. 
my marriagemy kidsmy friends 
Dropping my son off at school and seeing him run to hug his classmate and walk in the building together 
my boyfriend takes care of my when I'm sick. 
Joined this site 
myself and my family are healthy. 
got up early. 
family 
Roof over my head 
waking up 
I have co-workers that love and support me. 
My oldest daughter brought me to the doctor then out to lunch 
The first good thing I made happen was I set a good example by not going crazy when we left the house late then had to go back home for DD's backpack. 
My dogs, because they are always there and ready to go where ever I am and be there. 
my husband makes my life wonderful 
A lovely best friend who rings me to check that I'm alright after I've had a bad night. 
don't have to worry about my boyf* keeling over because he hasn't gone and got medical care for an infected tooth. 
to not have to worry about money or bills 
Talia's voice 
Grateful to still have a job at my work after what has happened 
my husband got up and cleaned the house! 
Having my daughter here with me, safe and happy. 
husbandforgiving familybeautiful daughter 
so grateful for my husband and the way we love eachother 
My husband paid me a compliment 
I am able to provide my daughters with glasses. 
Chatting with Hogan 
did nothing. 
Headphones arrived on schedule. 
Making Josh laugh in the bathroom this morning... 
I have my little family surrounding me with love. 
Chocolate Coffee in the morning 
Kitchen is clean 
My oldest son arrived home safely from visiting friends. 
Packing up things to give away to friends. 
what I have in my life. 
coworkers that make laugh. 
Stephen went to the store. 
Gave compliment to a friend 
Watching my cats play fight this morning. 
having a house to live in. 
My son. 
to work close to home. 
My family is all healthy at the same time... Huge accomplishment with our age ranges and different activities 
a husband that makes sure I have a roof over my head and food in my tummy. 
My son 
found a photo of something i made on another person in costume 
Love the fall leaves. 
made a healthy dinner, a big purée of vegetables that we can eat for many days 
went to my sewing class to work on my sweater 
To be alive. 
the electricity that heats my room. 
Mom gave me comfort before i went to sleep. 
sunshine 
My husband taking time to care for me and love one me. 
Mom going to the emergency room. 
My friends were supportive about my cat dying a year ago 
Alex went to his appointment today. 
1. 
Knowing that no matter what my children love me. 
My children 
was invited to participate in the meeting about the 4 year plan. 
completed a project for a new client on-time and we are both very happy with the outcome. 
woke up and I am heathy. 
a friends old, and much missed personality coming back on the phone. 
My daughter and grandbabies 
my husband. 
Strangely it was snowing..Love winter.. 
My sweet little dog happily greeted me to start the day. 
my son. 
fixed a leak on an instrument at work. 
a phone txt from a possible someone special. 
My boyfriend, Joe, called this morning to check in on me because he knew I was probably feeling sad. 
my excellent friends, who will not let me fail. 
my home. 
The smile on my grandsons face 
my family 
good chirpractor visit 
My dog woke me up with kisses and a dance. 
My children make my life wonderful! 
i have a house to live in and i own it 
My wonderful kids and how they are funny and sweet and bring joy to every moment we are together. 
was able to go threw the web and found out about a job that I have been thinking about . 
My family makes my life worth while. 
was very productive! 
My cellphone. 
have two beautiful, healthy, brilliant sons who love me unconditionally. 
Cari sends me texts. 
1. 
woke up earlier than usual: in the morning! 
JN 
my husband is sticking it out through the hard times. 
My love for literature has changed my life for the better on more than one occasion. 
worked out 
Haeden when she got on the bus 
my son woke up this morning and successfully took care of his needs. 
my loving family 
Being greeted by my puppy this morning when I woke up 
Reading my daily e-mail from my husband, just letting me know he was thinking about me 
to have Ashley in my life. 
seeing my daughters smile when she woke up this morning. 
Free Food 
got to have a slow morning instead of a rush around peoples schedule. 
Created a Craigslist Ad 
My family 
Family 
A compliment 
Fabulous! 
My fiance came to a meeting with me that he didn't have to attend. 
Dennis because he takes care of things I don't want to, and I like hugging him 
To have a nice home 
My new husband telling me all the time how much he loves me and tries so hard to understand my negative thoughts and actions. 
my good neighbors, 
My son 
having my house back and a good friend starting a new journey. 
A co-worker said that I could take the Thanksgiving luncheon over for next year; as I'm a temp, that made me happy that she expected me to be called back next year. 
having a warm safe home. 
Got some laundry done. 
life 
Sabrina said Hi 
waking up everyday healthy and being able to get out of bed 
my son today is his birthday . 
my children. 
My children 
girlfriend 
My husband called me from his business trip on his birthday to tell him that he was grateful for me. 
was nice to my boss. 
my daughter 
get $ to buy food 
One thing that makes my life great is having an understanding family. 
My cats have not broken anything so far today. 
a home to live in. 
Good office mates 
Where I'm going to sleep 
my children are healthy. 
The first thing that brightened my day was being able to snuggle in bed for a bit before getting out to start my day. 
Caroline got to go to Kal's house today. 
beautiful fall day 
My dogs and lazing in bed with a great book 
Yesterday I introduced two of my friends and went to a museum with them. 
My Mom called 
went and got my crown on my tooth. 
I didn't have to leave the house early for basketball practice. 
my children 
WAKING UP 
my daughter helped clean up the house today. 
Dr. Kiser telling me how well I did 
Chris is going to fix my water leak 
filled out my sons application and took him to drop it off. 
When someone does a chore for me so I don't have to do it 
I had the opportunity to run around and spend time with my Mother today. 
ful to spend time with my wife 
Being a dick 
Dog kissed me 
I am able to work and provide for my family. 
to have a job. 
a phone today, because it took hours to solve our Ins. 
Finishing patch job in hoop house 
husband matt acted happy to see me this morning. 
today for having a little peace in the home, and I am grateful that my husband hugged me this morning and gave me a kiss it made me feel a little better, not all the way but a little better then the previous days. 
my parents help me by paying for River's daycare. 
Clean room. 
Got a hug from Kaylin. 
Getting a call that flowers are going to be delivered 
Talking to my man. 
being able to visit family 
Waking up to my husband and seeing him off to work! 
Laughing in doctor's office 
The first thing that I am grateful for is my beautiful yard. 
to Nn's. 
Taking the computer to Apple. 
1. 
my husband and I are still together. 
My remodeled home. 
D has reached out to me. 
my wrist is doing well. 
One of my most prize possessions, is the ring that my husband bought for me on Valentines, several years ago. 
the kids text us photos of the grandchildren and keep us up on what is happening in their lives. 
Waking up 
overheard a student of mine say that I was the first person he'd come to if he ever needed to talk to someone. 
made chili for dinner, Martin and Andy loved it 
my grandson Tyrone called me to check on his cousin 
they are happy 
Haircut 
Dancing in the gym with my students 
Bill bought some food that was christy friendly. 
completed the P.E. 
Awaking first thing in the morning! 
ERIC 
My sweetie came home and brought me cinnamon rolls for breakfast. 
My friend brought chicken for a yummy and effortless dinner 
my health. 
Getting to sleep in a little longer 
Today I completed an entire months worth of schedules.I can now plan for the holidays, and have a better idea of what to expect. 
Family. 
having a partner who cooks for me and tries to make foods I like most of the time. 
Home, where things should be calm, but sometimes aren't but there is love beneath it all 
My kids are finally doing their homework 
Jajaja! Pesky worm problem from the neighbor's walnut tree is gone! 
My family is very healthy :) and so am I. 
My son hugged me when I picked him up. 
The people in my home. 
God 
kept my cool during a difficult conversation 
Kaitlin running 107 degree temperatures every other week, requiring multiple trips to the ER. 
the sun 
1. 
My mother 
Courtney and how, even interrupted, that friendship cannot be replaced 
A person that I would least expect to compliment me, said they thought I was a good person, and nice. 
Waking up every morning to my husband is always the best part of each and every day. 
how comfortable i feel. 
declan hit his face today on a rinky dink book shelf. 
have a comfortable warm house to live in. 
received a letter in the mail that made me very grateful. 
My family 
utilities not getting paid and being shut off, I am living with my sister and I just ave to pay a little rent each month. 
my little girl grinning from ear to ear when she saw me 
made coffee for my husband and snacks for his day. 
My mum bought avocado and I was able to make my favourite avo-beef-tomato sandwich. 
to be alive, and in good health. 
you are a strong person 
having family that I can love and spend time with them 
The puppy is adapting really well to our household. 
FOR GOD WAKING ME UP TODAY IN MY RIGHT MIND. 
an accessible house and that I get help for rent payments. 
taliking to my main man. 
Having food, a job, friends, and family. 
My Dog. 
My best friend for life came by to see me today. 
Texting with Emily. 
Miss at work 
My family 
All of my children are in good health 
Going to yoga this morning 
Funny stories about Caden from his grandpa. 
kids fell asleep on their own and stayed asleep through normal bedtime. 
Cars are paid off 
Jackson went straight to the bathroom to disrobe instead of his bedroom when e pooped his pants at quiet time. 
client was ok - w/o cpr 
Mary and I got along and had a good talk. 
Yvette as always 
When Lucy was acting up and I got the courage to correct her behavior by making her work through her over-excessive energy that led to her bad behavior. 
Today I am grateful for the church helping me with my rent. 
students were well-behaved and completed their assignments 
have the greatest 4 children in the history of the world. 
1. 
Right now, I have no job, so I do not need to stress about balance work and home. 
Making a coffee date with a friend 
Grateful my husband made it to China safely for work. 
qualifying for disability, which allows me to be sick without worrying about missing work and hurting my family by losing money 
my daughter didn't actually go to jail like she thought she was going to, and so I didn't have to take custody of the kids 
Najwa...pure and simple. 
Not getting stuck on main register. 
my daughter called me 
My dogs 
family 
My sister have me a free bus pass. 
decided to do laundry 
Knowing everything is good with children and family 
my Lord and savior and being free to worship him 
My children. 
My son ate a vegetable for dinner 
My Dog 
My kids...they have really opened my thought process up in many ways to be able to see the world in a different light. 
Robert brought dinner. 
A graduate student stopped by to turn in a letter which praised my assistance in his success 
exercised and my little girl encouraged me and helped me the entire time! 
was able to have a successful outing to the PX with the girls. 
A KIND PARTNER 
companionship 
we have the medication for conor. 
A successful interview. 
Grateful for making my son and I some dinner and for Don to take a serving for his lunch tomorrow. 
1. 
a clean person but lately i've been lazty with my laundry & today I folded the few loads that been sitting around in a pile as well as doing a couple loads. 
Charlie loves me unconditionally 
was able to go to a coffee date with my best friend. 
Shane resting his head on my shoulder when I picked him up upon arrival at the house. 
Playing foosball 
Its great to have a husband thats willing to help me get things set up around the house when i cant 
Today I went to my Dr's appointment a day early. 
Jacob did the dishes 
All of my family members are together 
The first thing that brightened my day was a cup of tea. 
a loving husband 
My husband came home from work early. 
having Alice. 
my parents who have always been there in my time of need sometimes even before I realize I need them. 
know I am supposed to be positive regarding this but I honestly cannot find anything right now that is not a worry for me. 
feel grateful that I have wonderful people to work with. 
Having my door opened for me by a thoughtful young man. 
very greatful for the kindness of my friends, that live with me 
education 
I can support myself. 
Rosanne went with me to see Ender's Game. 
Waking up 
my kids 
help and support from sasha 
waking up past 7 am 
Me being so chill, cool, and funny when exchanging texts with Apoorva and talking about her shaadi coming soon. 
My daughter's smile when she was feeling better after a day of foot and leg pain. 
Chad keeping the kids while I go to the beach. 
The first thing that was good about today is I was able to hold it together better with the kids and think I only yelled once before I regrouped and got control. 
a wonderful son who is learning to sing when he is angry. 
my dogs 
told my sons this morning that I loved them and that I hoped they had a good day. 
was able to make Brooks laugh and giggle using my TREX meow! 
Getting the house pretty straightened 
1. 
Mary fed Emma without being reminded. 
Gary. 
got up and registered for my college classes for next semester, and was able to get all of them 
My Husband made dinner tonight. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I woke up feeling much better after being ill for two days. 
My husband 
I had a day off of work to run errands that were always getting pushed back on my to due list and were way over due. 
I tried another jelly fish 
got the whole living room vacuumed and made decisions about it that will make it easier to keep up with. 
My animals. 
the first thing was i found 2 other living options that were cheaper than the one i was originally excited about 
When I am able to get any chore done without being in pain or down in the dumps... 
to cook 
prayers from a friend 
My beautiful children, are healthy, smart, and good people. 
The house remodel is going as planed. 
1. 
my healthman does it have to be three things? 
my wife and I talked about wedding plans in the early fall and we both wanted the same season. 
was grateful that Jules asked me to go to lunch today 
Dave's reactions to anything 
Doggies 
Thomas for being such a amazing friend. 
Seeing Zelda and Stephanie when they came over for my birthday 
husband that supports, cares for me 
have a job 
A hug from my granddaughter. 
my kids still love me and like to be with me.that 
Thankful that I had enough money to get prescriptions filled and make at least a partial house payment. 
Being independent 
My daughter & grand kids. 
I have custody of my kids and that they have always been able to live with me. 
my kids have full tummies 
having breakfast with my dad 
My job is to help people. 
Said I'm a nice person. 
A friend consoled me about a problem 
laptopI was so excited 
each member of my family is happy & flourishing in their lives. 
Mike and I went hikingplayed train game have something to look forward to 
Income 
My children 
gratful that in the last few days I have been able to make my house cleaner and a bit more organized. 
Today I was grateful for completing 30 minutes of a yoga practice. 
Home short-sale: I am so happy I don't have to try to sell my house on a short sale again. 
I am a compassionate person. 
My daddy did my dishes for me yesterday. 
There were no animal illnesses today. 
woke up and it was raining 
waking up, for another chance, at getting it right! 
My husband 
la salud de mis hemanos y q ni a mi ni a mis seres queridos les falta comida 
Picking up extra shifts in gym 
Was my daughters smile and kiss when she woke up this morning 
Conversations with my mother during breakfast 
Mamu was calm and in a good mood. 
helping to make a booking at Superbowl Hougang for the GESL project 
Was really nice and kind of Kate to style me for my date and wish me luck :) 
Charles and Trinity has me here to take care of them. 
the first person I called to partner with was not keen. 
have a new member in my team for helping me to do back-end work and analytic for Sales & Prospecting more clients. 
My mother is quite happy and energetic today after days of depression 
My wife, which understands, respects and supports me. 
to my friend Matt for opening his house to me and my family. 
my clean house 
My friends 
The first thing that brightened my day was organizing my week 
feeling comfortable in my home. 
One thing that makes my life great is my ability to appreciate my children and remembering to be grateful and humbled by who they are and the joy and hope they bring me. 
House Paid Off 
Coffe in bed and time to contemplate the day ahead 
Being drunk 
apartment 
My health 
Had dinner with friends 
to wake up in a warm bed next to my husband 
My step-daughter is living with her mom full time. 
Nala woke up with me. 
sdfsdf 
Be with my nephews 
a healthy daughter. 
My family makes my life great; my baby daughter and my wife, with another little one on the way 
PEace of mind 
Friends, as a TV series. 
seeing my dog play with the ball 
Coworker offered to help me with my work, without being asked, just because he overhead that I was struggling. 
god 
Humor - my house is filled with humor. 
my children. 
my home, we have gone through many stressful situations including not having a home and having to live in a place that was not conducive for any of us. 
my fiancee has been getting up with me every morning and helping out with getting our daughter ready for school. 
My boyfriend telling me that I am wonderful and beautiful. 
I don't have to work right now. 
My son's diagnosis of Type I diabetes at 22 months of age. 
my beautiful kids 
Eating dinner with my children nightly. 
Family 
my family and the fact that they are always available to me 
Jon came back to work, and seems pretty healthy. 
Skipper. 
Hugs from Jack 
My Savior Jesus Christ for saving me and always being with me and there for me and for never leaving me alone. 
starting to feel better today 
my boyfriend and I have a roof over our heads every night. 
Your a good friend 
My close friend texted me to chat. 
My daughter when she helps me out...and my son when he comes to visit me and stays for a weekend 
Monte 
silly things people post. 
My trainer said we were all doing great job and were the smartest class they'd trained yet. 
have people I work for that believe in me enough to support me in my learning process in my new career. 
knowing that God love me 
able to connect deeply with my husband. 
my grand daughter 
healthy kids 
Daltonmy kitties,chillin at home 
It is always nice to be asked about how you are doing when you feel like so much of your job is taking care of others. 
The 1st thing that brightened my day was my cat nuzzling my face. 
The loving support of my family and friends 
my son getting all his stuff together in the back of the car 
My friend called to check on me since I am going thru a breakup. 
taking meds 
Sonya called me and asked for help and to ask if i was alright 
1. 
I have a job & roof over my head 
to be living here where I am. 
The first thing that brightened my day was a dog hanging out of a near-by car looking goofy and excited about the car trip. 
Happy that I managed to resolve all issues with the getsmarter website 
Having my home in the country 
A client called me with a problem. 
Car loss would be sad and hard to deal with.I love my car. 
Our dogs, Abby and Dozer, and their unconditional love. 
Greatful for my washing machine getting replaced. 
Comfy bed, good healthy food, good husband, lovely daughter, renewed relationship with mom 
my privileged place in the world and, as a result, my ability to share my fortunate circumstances with others to make their lives better even if in tiny ways. 
have tenure and full promotion, so I never have to jump through the academic hoops again. 
The sun was shining. 
to be alive 
I have a new home. 
the time on the weekend to prepare food ahead of time and have less-stressful weekends. 
have a roof over my head. 
My dog. 
Drama at work. 
Steve stayed up with me 
Dave went out of his way yesterday to help my feel better about myself and boost my self-confidence. 
Little snuggled up next to me. 
Ran a package to the post office for my son, because he's working and couldn't do it. 
Tiffany said she was bringing in happiness. 
Going to the gym 
The first good thing I made happen was clearing up a misunderstanding with my spouse regarding an ex, as well as letting her know there were no hard feelings. 
Tino gave me his car 
My kids 
Talking any playing a game with an old friend 
My incredibly supportive and close-knit group of friends. 
My family 
1. 
the first thing that brightened my day was my families faces . 
had time to walk for 30 minutes today! 
difficult mbo went well 
surrounded by a community of amazing friends and live in an incredible place. 
Sun 
Gi pobediv negativite misli i cuvstva 
Izzy wanting to do her hair like mine this morning. 
to have a house. 
My daughter always makes coffee first thing in the morning. 
My parents 
Thoughts of a wonderful gathering of music and friends who were very open and kind. 
Got clothes folded and dishes washed. 
Talking to a friend. 
People at work wait for me to walk with them at lunch; they actually seem to enjoy my company during the walks. 
my cat waking me up with licking my face and purring. 
have an amazing husband that will do anything he can for me 
Being able to have a healthy relationship with my husband. 
Mike helping me get things done on sunday 
My Aunt Helen made this whole thing possible. 
thing that makes my life great is....there are so many things it is hard to narrow down to just one. 
My Husband telling me he loved me before he went to work. 
Lily doing chores without me telling her to. 
A friend bought something for me just because he saw it and thought of me 
Making a delicious juice from my newly purchased groceries. 
we all have a roof over our heads 
Driving Brian to work. 
baby sit grandson 
nia went off to uni open day 
The first thing that brightened my day was texting with a friend. 
boyfriend coming home soon 
My dog, Paisley, always being so sweet and lovey. 
Xander does dishes. 
Talking to Jo Hall in the hallway. 
Someone complimented me on my good work 
a song I listened to. 
Glad there are people who are happy to see me when I walk through the door. 
I have a home that I can afford and that we are able to pay our bills. 
Joel and all of the support, love and comfort he gives me. 
Waking up, taking prescribed meds, and they kicked in and pain left. 
saying good morning to my children 
Getting two jobs in the same week. 
1. 
Having working relationships with 3 of my children 
the kids seemed to have woken up in god moods 
Waking up feeling halfway good 
the few minutes I sat outside with my daughter and hens, just enjoying the beautiful day. 
Gordon calling me his wife 
My kids woke up and were happy 
started a new painting 
my husband who works so hard to support our family. 
My salvation, i am grateful and thankful for Jesus Christ. 
a coworker that I can talk to and feel like she is really listening. 
having a home with people who love and care about me. 
got to work at home today. 
awoke to a beautiful, warm, fall day 
food, family, friends 
my husband and our new home in the country 
The first thing that brightened my day was knowing today was John and I's 2nd anniversary engaged; however, it is where we mark our fourth year as a couple. 
grandkids 
Getting the CEM+ (cheap!) at Indy Stage. 
the first good thing i made happen today was i washed all the laundry and folded the majority of it all. 
The first thing was that my phone mins where there on my phone, then my new guy friend called me I had gotten a real weird feelings the night before about him and I heard from him this morning but now he hasn't called me yet tonight but I'm not going to call him. 
the nice valet attendant was so friendly this morning 
cooked a good lunch for my participants. 
It's payday 
woke up this morning in a warm bed and didn't have to go to work today 
to be a Mother. 
1. 
Termine la tabla del backflow que no habia terminado en semanas 
A healthy happy family 
joey and jeri got us toilet paper 
Brandon told me that he misses me. 
my son his health and happiness 
my family 
helped with getting students to quiet down during assembly. 
put away Halloween things 
me and mum went out for dinner. 
managed to get through a protocol at work. 
My home 
talking with Teryn and Holly about my horse Puff Daddy and laughing about PC, RTTH, and other experiences. 
healthy 
all my bills are paid for this month 
some told me I looked good and did I loose weight. 
Lillie 
so very grateful for my Salvation through Christ Jesus through Faith by Grace. 
Cleaned the boys bathroom. 
my family ,i love my kids and my boyfriend so much i am so gratefull to have them in my life. 
Dinner was cooked last night. 
Jade has achieved an on-grade reading and writing level. 
a good paying job and 
don't feel as sick from this cold as I did for the prior week and a half. 
having the trait of being very generous. 
spending quality time with family and friends that I haven't seen in a little while and taco night. 
The first thing that brightened my day was the call I got from my boyfriend this morning. 
michelle was not too upset that i cant afford to move in with her. 
greatfull for my family 
daughter did hw with few meltdowns 
my home. 
My Ex-Boyfriend. 
the way to work i heard songs from my past 
Going to work and being congratulated for a job well done and receiving encouraging words from staff that let me know I was doing a good job. 
my eldest daughter, kelsie lynn, has talked with her boyfriend and worked on their communication skills. 
no longer an addict. 
have a nice house 
my hubby's help getting things done. 
Supportive and loving husband. 
my wife. 
don't have to live in Florida with our ex roommate any more. 
Grateful for waking up 
This morning my daughter was really loving and cooperative during our morning routine. 
can still put a roof over my kids heads 
Grateful to have Lauren back in the office to bounce ideas off of and to take small laughing breaks. 
waking up 
Jane understanding me and compassionate for my situation. 
The weather was wonderful & warm 
my daughter is able to attend a school that opens up so many wonderful opportunities for travel and self learning. 
My dogs waking me up this morning. 
Finding a woolly bear caterpillar and sharing it with my 2 year old 
thinking about going to Florida 
the time I am able to spend with my son. 
having a good morning text from eddy 
the roof over my head. 
Shipping panels. 
my husband 
finished all the appraisals 
nothing 
Seeing Chico 
my son just married a really nice little gal. 
my job, my cats and having a home to live in. 
listened to some good music 
most of all that I believe in God. 
Today was a better day than yesterday. 
Mike said he appreciated "Your caring nature, and effervescent ebullience." 
my son Gabriel, and that he is happy and healthy. 
Dad being playful with me. 
my awesome, lovely, and supportive wife. 
get to spend time each day working on MYSELF; getting to finally really know myself and like myself for the first time. 
took care of three cats, enjoyed my day at work, worked on some homework, cleaned the bathroom, and made time to relax. 
Hear my boyfriend apologize for lying to me. 
Mom & Amy calling to check up on me after my surgery. 
Maxwell peed on the potty, unprompted! 
Having a roof over my head 
Time spent in God's word :) 
One of my cotton bolls finally popped. 
my parents letting me live with them 
3 things I'm happy about or proud of?My relationship with God. 
Snuggles from the "kids" 
got out of bed 
we fianlly took care of Allen's pesky social security card today. 
the fact that I made it to Spanish this morning. 
My spouse 
my boyfriend, Andy. 
Having God in my life. 
talking to a friend of mine on line 
got my window in 
Leo is such a patient and understanding man. 
Leo is such a kind and forgiving person who understands me. 
Yesterday I did a pretty good job of resisting temptation. 
got a lot done on the MNPL Broker course at work. 
1. 
Peaceful relationships with my family members. 
Had a good morning with Brett. 
my wife 
My fiance 
Parents, , They're in other states, 
Emily decided to go to her dad's for the night. 
can't think of anything 
Kissing Sam. 
The bed to my self this morning 
ONLY CRIED ONCE TODAY 
found a cleanish shirt at the end of the bed without having to search 
my daughter texted me today. 
was able to think up a new story. 
think Kyle fixed my dishwasher 
I had time to just sit and talk to my mom why we enjoyed listening to the rain. 
My family 
A peaceful, restful day 
beautiful children 
My kids 
Lunch 
A slew of compliments from client Karen Goldberg. 
Glad I was able to get laundry done 
my husband drove me to work today.. 
Work was easy 
Taking a nap. 
to have a nice family. 
Wade's love 
My boyfriend Ken 
I don't have to get up early and go to work every day. 
my healthy baby growing inside of me. 
Thankful for my Higher Power 
Getting dressed 50's style! 
finished my paper! 
was my son sleep in and i got to sleep in 
I have a job 
had peace and quite 
to have gotten some cleaning done today. 
My grandson smiling face. 
Getting info about the Desk Technician program 
Having my kids home with me. 
my children. 
my clothes fitting 
Symie sleeping behind my back. 
Madison's leprechaun comment. 
My mother said this past week that she can't afford to support me, feed me, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah and pay my medical bills as well. 
i woke up this morning 
my daughter's coughing/wheezing had not worsened during the school day and she appeared to be her normal self. 
walking into work and see a resident that had returned from hospital, and she was happy to see me this morning. 
Lucy 
My life is great because I started over. 
gratful that my sister now work at the same company I do. 
our playtime and affection with our kitties 
The kids ate all their dinner without complaining. 
My wonderful children.I have been basically pain free for a few weeks.I have a warm place to sleep and food in my belly.I have a car that is running well.I always get my child support on time.I have rental assistance. 
waking Sami up , 
That my family loves me . 
Ride to work is relaxing. 
I can correct my life's mistakes 
My children and animals are all safe at home and healthy. 
being able to spend time with my dad and Mo. 
waking up 
My daughter. 
1. 
1. 
Went for walk with Ujjwal & Swami near 2 ponds, and Ujjwal was so happy and excited! 
Erin posted that funny video. 
my mother helped me with the cooking today 
A very focused daughter 
playing with my cats their love brings such joy to my life 
emailed bosses about money owed 
MY FAMILY 
funny 
waking up with my 3 yr old snuggled up next to me 
The ability to get things accomplished when I set my mind to it. 
6es 
Waking up with no pain 
Waking up and have my coffee 
Keshaun cooked a nice dinner. 
My husband & all he does to provide for me & our family. 
my mother I love tha she is supportive and that she loves me unconditionally 
my son is a strong smart healthy child. 
Was able to leave office to deliver work to the boss 
my home and all of the beautiful things in it. 
My car didnt breakdown 
motivated myself to shower and leave the house to go eat lunch and work when I could have stayed at home and been lazy. 
finally have a man in my life who loves me that I love back. 
I ate a steak like I wanted to and I didn't stuff myself 
didn't lose my temper at the kids, despite the fact that they behaved terribly at moments. 
my son 
my husband and children. 
Being able to do some grocery shopping. 
my dog Popeye 
Grateful for a loving husband 
Being out on my walk with my dog, this always brightens my day as I love being outdoors. 
Family 
My daughter not being bullied at school, her getting her homework done and passing all of her classes. 
my parents listening to me and helping me. 
Family 
My wonderful husband telling me he loves me 
Grandson 
my friend texted me 
Seeing & talking to Kellie. 
my job 
my job 
My kids 
healthy katie 
made myself a Green Smoothie for Breakfast from Dr. Young's recipe book. 
My son's happy faces. 
nothing 
Boss gave me compliment about how i do my job 
got myself out of the house and went to SF 
My husband makes my life great by always being there for me and being understanding to my needs 
DINNER WAS MADE WHEN I WOKE UP. 
health 
was able to relax most of the day. 
The death of my first husband. 
playing with my grand-daughters. 
my landlord for trusting in me when no one would, 
Grateful for my husband's help at home. 
My cat 
My dog and cat greeted me at the door when I got home. 
Writing. 
my dad made it to Utah safely on the airplane in bad weather 
my ex-husbandso glad that I don't live near him 
Waking up 
Reese sent me a youtube video of the song I love.. 
Bob he takes care of me. 
My 10 year old son asking me if I need anything and if I'm ok 
Noel invited me to join him on some errands today after a heartbreaking day yesterday. 
Sleeping in. 
Home, food, clothing, Evan s success, knowing Chelsea, Toby as long as I keep him healthy and happy 
got on the scale because I want to work on losing weight. 
Having a roof over my head. 
I have good insurance to cover my medical expenses. 
have a band audition 
Having happy and busy children 
Someone was nice to me. 
first thing that brightened my day was:i met a friend ,i haven't seen since last week, 
my job which I love very much and which allows me to do things I like (and receive money for it). 
Меня вывели из безосновательного негатива 
everyone supporting one another for the funeral 
the fact that my body is functioning well 
had a good night rest 
My husband and son went to get breakfast and brought me back some donuts. 
better sleep 
Siegmund Gomez, he teaches me to be positive in Life, mentally, physically, emotionally. 
I have a peaceful life 
helped someone in trouble with her work 
Got caught up in work - which meant I was arriving home much later then expected. 
The first good thing I made happen was to stop smoking!!!! 
to have a loving family 
Having awesome faith group community 
nethra 
Sam bought me starbucks and told me that I looked nice 
The first thing that brightens my day was the music that I listened to every morning when I wake up. 
the dog who always barks at me whenever I try to go upstairs (I think he can sense I don't like dogs at all, I'm a cat person) didn't bark at me today. 
I moved out of my parents place and went to college, my family contributed to a lot of my stress. 
When I feel in tune spiritually that makes my life great. 
My amazing friend who has my best interest at heart. 
The first compliment was from my colleague about the way I dressed up yesterday. 
I have a job, must people my age don't. 
Its a brand new day is so rewarding. 
My Family 
One thing that makes my life great is the ability to stand up for myself and what I believe in. 
worked out which made me feel good when I was done. 
get up earlier than other days in this week 
Snuggling with my husband on the couch. 
helpful coworker 
My kids 
spent time with my Dad. 
My Fiance cooks dinner almost every night. 
woke up next to a gorgeous man who loves me and a cuddly puppy who makes our lives better. 
all the chickens were out and about. 
Having a job 
finished my decoupage shelf 
Having a roommate and friend I trust completely. 
Family - ive learned to set boundaries. 
Digital camera - got it before I went to Ireland...used it a lot and need to get back into photography again. 
To know some people for the event were practising 
Friends: are always there to help you through a tough week. 
our kitchen remodel is nearly complete. 
My Daughter. 
no longer on the streets or an addict as I was in the past...so I guess I'm not stressing about where I will lay my head! 
there are people who care about my well being 
getting to be with my precious daughter and seeing here sweet face looking up at me each day and spending quality time with her. 
my children 
Being able to do a random act of kindness for my colleagues by picking them up lattes before work. 
A hot guy noticed me. 
made someone smile. 
Jean W. creates a welcoming place for me to stay when I travel to Houston. 
don't have to worry about selling my house for a year. 
Got through a bulk of stale news in my newsreader uncovering interesting things for later. 
was given a compliment when picking up take out saying I was a very beautiful woman. 
Jesus my Savior. 
got to take a nap 
the opportunity to go to Yoga class, it is a clear way to increase the happiness and wisdom of my bodily experience. 
Small grp - intimate discussion, comfortably deep sharing 
My animals love me and give me the physical affection that I need in my life. 
HusbandHe loves meDoes So much for the familyHe tries so hard 
My parents are always there to help me 
Baby Brody - I'm thankful for his health, happiness and existence. 
Saturday Shout outs for pta 
Yesterday, I was thankful for having a good job. 
The first thing that brightened my day was a man who started up a conversation with me surprisingly just to be friendly and to not attempt to "spit game" like most guys my age. 
Husband gave me a great big hug when he got home. 
Bad marriage. 
aw something funny on facebook 
the people in the pharmacy were really nice 
Having clients 
stopped at Tara's to drop off a treat and met her boyfriend 
Having a healthy Body and Mind 
Helping Lexus with her school activities. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
My bread machine. 
talking to my mother 
my friends and family. 
don't have to worry about being in a controlling relationship, and having issues clashing with my significant other's family. 
was able to write and get words on page. 
Graham paid me back for the things I bought for him even though I had completely forgotten. 
Spent time talking with friends and showing them the ropes in a game. 
Life 
to have money to be able to do things with Elijah. 
being able to shop for the kids for Christmas. 
my children hugged me. 
Jacob arrived safely in Vietnam and I got to chat with him this morning before work. 
Searching for Hawaii vacation rentals with my wife while enjoying a cup of coffee together 
Mom not agitated. 
got out in service 
my wonderful husband that goes out of his way to get me something that I have asked for. 
Seeing kids at school excited for pajama day 
didnt' know this is public...huh! 
dis wonder ful life i have 
my lovely partner who always cares of doing mostly all of the cooking himself since my cooking is not very inspiring. 
Being able to have my 23rd birthdayso many people don't so i am lucky that I did. 
hugs from Cadence 
Spending time with the kids 
being able to live in a nice apartment with comfortable amenities. 
My mate who i havent talked to in a while texted me wanting to hang out tomorrow. 
None 
Um... a friend that spends some time with me but then later lets me down but also later than that supports me and he apologizes for one thing but not for the other. 
my husband and the love and understanding that he gives me. 
Doing some exercise today - felt good at the of the session! 
sharing coffee and chai with my son in the car on the way to school 
1. 
1. 
believe that my dream "going-abroad will be come true. 
My morning meditation. 
That Drew is so thoughtful and twice this week took time out of his morning to start my car or scrape the ice off. 
Ma olen tänulik, et mul on ilus ja mugav kodu, kus elada. 
how i can trust her so much. 
Thank you mum and dad for giving birth to me. 
having cloths on my back 
was feeling light 
Sara and her sandwiches 
Bob said he'd take my car for service. 
My co-workers 
Being able to take a day off work and stay in my PJs 
getting sleep. 
woke up on time 
bugün para harcamadım. 
The shining sun outside. 
My kittens 
liberated 
my husband and beloved cat. 
Stretching out in a soft bed and taking my time to wake up. 
Seeing my wife smile. 
made a tasty meal with my wife and we worked together on it, communicating with love and respect. 
My son 
having great kids who are healthy and active. 
the manager was not there 
Making breakfast for kidssorting househearing from 2 friends 
listening, 
food 
I have wonderful flatmates to come home to. 
woke up before the alarm energized, with the sun in my face 
The fact that I have a supportive family. 
my mom came home. 
baby nattanya being happy and feeding very well 
stress at work 
extremely grateful for my family, they love me and support me unconditionally and I could never ask for a better family. 
Seeing my daughter wake up 
I was able to go to church this morning even though I slept in. 
my children. 
a chance to sleep in a bit and catch up on sleep. 
handled it well when my mom had breast cancer. 
Waking up next to someone special 
got to meet a nice older man and make an impact on his health and wellness. 
Getting the shoveling done. 
Hannibal said I looked beautiful. 
Sable 
Being Ankush Choubey and talking birth in India. 
We didn't have to stay over for Imogen's tournament and so we could get up later and she could practise. 
Megan my daughter 
my mum asking how my day was. 
Enjoyable chat to colleagues. 
Passy is better now and can walk again 
my flat mate cooking a delicious gluten free meal for me 
Living with several strangers and dealing with controlling land lords 
Daughter telling her dad she loved him so much. 
my job is lenient on a lot of things like attendance and that Sara cuts me some slack with being late 
My friend texting me a cheerful task 
David invited me into town for cake and was worried about me being poorly 
me siento agradecida por tener un trabajo y un hogar 
Chloe, she's the one girl i can count on that through whatever she wont judge me and wont leave me to struggle on my own. 
read a chapter in a book about learning from silence and decided to sleep some more and allow my thoughts to flow in that process and hoped some of them would be sorted out 
smart, caring, perceptive, friendly coworkers that are always willing to lend an ear. 
Son 
my mum talking to me 
One of my best friends is back from her holiday and she invited me and some other of our friends for ice-skating. 
a good wife, 
a family that enjoys sitting together to eat meals 
have handled the unknown when I went to live in Europe and did not even know what country I was going to land in because of an air traffic controller strike. 
My therapist calling to check on me this morning 
spent the morning with my niece gave my parents a break 
My family- esp Monte 
It was Friday and I could wear jeans to school 
helped comfort Nicole and let her speak her emotions freely. 
Treating my kids to breakfest out 
A hand written card that I received from a new friend that had an uplifting quote printed off into it and also told me 'you're more powerful and beautiful than you can ever imagine' and 'the whole world (and more) is out there. 
1. 
It was sunny today and I got up early to enjoy it 
A roof over my head 
feel grateful for my parents who are supporting me a lot these days. 
to have a group of friends who invite me to their parties and special occasions. 
yesterday - Ben had time to go to the game and watch it on TV. 
went to the gym in the morning without any doubts. 
arrived home at the time I expected and was able to make dinner so we could eat earlier 
jdtjf 
My children, all the of them, even during the bad times they give me a reason to go on. 
My family's love & support, when I'm feeling down they rally, my daughter & son especially, do everything they can to make me feel better. 
My kids. 
Figuring out the connection between food waste and food security-climate change. 
Paddy 
my family made up of two beautiful kids and a very attractive smart finance 
my husband is home for the weekend 
first greatful for being able to get paperwork done. 
My cat 
was able to do a little homework with peace and quiet. 
living in a prosperous area, known for its success, power, and influence on the world. 
paco 
Frrdftffftzhgf 
A Kiss from my wife 
cleaned the pool 
healthy and growing daughter 
You always make me laugh. 
Sun 
Fritz. 
My roommates are always there for me/keep me company. 
a roll right now that is absolutely amazing. 
God 
Having this space to be able to rest and retreat from all the pressures and drama 
my children - and their happiness 
woke up without needing an alarm at 6:45am. 
Seeing my cat curled up in his beanbag chair, sleeping. 
My husband and dogs. 
Lunch with Becca and Dan and fam. 
Bought prenatal vitamins, as well as medications and went running 
my wife, she loves me and makes sacrifices for our future. 
A house in minnesota, its sold! 
pulled an all-nighter and it wasn't terrible. 
Getting to spend time with Santi 
to be in recovery, to be free of alcohol and have the friends I have, the life I have. 
going to theater 
Grateful for an understanding colleague 
God 
My Family. 
Exercise Bike- I always thought that if I could have the equipment I could loose weight. 
Delicious breakfast 
Having an emotionally safe environment 
MaCaila gave me a neck rub because I had a headache. 
have job that I enjoy, I am blessed with 2 children 
got out of bed 
My husband 
i had the chance to tidy the house, get the groceries, have plenty of relaxing time and still have a sleep in. 
Finding the perfect sympathy card for my friend. 
Mom is cooking one of my favorite dishes! 
the beautiful day I woke up to. 
someone smiled at me and talked to me 
coffee in bed in the morning 
to have a family that cares for me and celebrates my success. 
Relationships, whatever happens, happens. 
a loving wife and a loving son, who are very understanding 
I spent all three days with my son. 
My Family 
Got to my networking event on time even though traffic was making it look like I would be late 
My seventh grade daughter greeted during her lunch period at school with a smile and a hug. 
The health of my family 
My husband always bettering himself. 
waking up healthy without any pains 
a roof over my families heads 
Possibilité de contribuer a qqe chose important. 
an understanding husband who offers a hug and says things may get better if we try something else, who doesn't blame me for how things have gone 
went for a walk with David and the dog 
AMie 
Delicious food 
my flatmates who have been so kind to me lately and always try and make me smile. 
financial stability from parents 
Omari didn't throw up while sleeping. 
Spontaneously meeting Sands for coffee on the way to work. 
stayed calm when stuck in traffic & in the end didn't miss train as that was late as well 
was able to cook a delicious meal last night and we rearranged the living room so we could eat at the table rather than on the couch. 
have 3 children who don't have any health problems 
1. 
my wife giving much tolerance to me, and she is also kind and caring 
sorry about that, i can't finish this section. 
didn't have to go to work 
Breakfast with my family. 
The message I've got from Misiu 
greatfull that my father is still living and part of my life 
Time to connect with Elizabeth this weekend, including shopping, time with her friends, cooking, and a movie. 
Dat Ali mee ging boodschappen doen. 
accomplished some important work. 
My Best friend, who still relies on my help regardless of the distance that separates us. 
Thank you for the sunshine today! 
Doing the Bigone race. 
Moving a bed to a new room to create a workshop space as a team with my partner. 
Grateful that I have a family. 
Having multiple people rely on me for my expertise. 
My kids 
have been assigned to complex cases 
Family 
Kids 
woke up at 7.30 
My husband being kind to my parents; 
The ability to build a new home for my family 
My healthy boys 
Having my family alive, healthy and in some manner happy. 
Having space for peace and quiet upstairs, the sun shining through the window in the morning and birds chirping. 
1 
Playing with kids 
Tyler. 
One of my biggest past stresses was taking care of Courtney. 
1. 
my health and for being able to wake up every morning with very little complications. 
Put on a dishwasher load. 
amadeo playing happily 
Ellen offered to contact her colleague about me 
My bf brought a lot of good food, so he didn't have to cook and we had more time for us. 
done with university :-)I don't have to cope with the stress of the exams anymore. 
completed an electric blueprint at work. 
1. 
My friend took me shopping 
work complements 
A friend wanted to meet for coffee 
anna hugged me 
Sam being so hands on with Newton, allowing me to sleep in while still taking him to the dog park 
test 
Expressing love to my boyfriend in the morning 
Made a really nice curryHad a great evening with I and M 
relatia cu G 
Seeing my wife 
my children are healthy 
When the police raided my house with a warrant (That later through court and expenses was found not guilty). 
had an anxiety attack in our bed a few nights ago, and it gripped me really hard... 
Spending an abundance of time with my children 
the flexibility that I rediscovered in my first ever yoga class yesterday. 
Standing in a sunny path with the kids on a walk in the countryside 
got a hug 
Sweet Baby Sage 
one 
Dinner prepared by my mother 
People that care about me and listen to what I say. 
my family! 
a partner who can support exactly who I am, even if I know that person is not well. 
Commute to work was good 
having a home 
Once I was failing a topic, so in the second month test I needed a very high note, so i studied a lot and I pass!!! 
My daughters 
The first compliment was from my friend that im getting more good looking. 
the good health of my family 
Two colleagues ... ignorant and envious. 
early wake up 
soaking my feet 
diagnosed a baby with some abnormality in his head. 
My wise friends from far away never cease to amaze or impact me. 
Going swimming with two friends 
First thing that brightened my day -I was able to sleep in, got a lot of things done today 
to throw away old items 
Getting into a warm bed at night. 
Brodie made yummy pancakes and wrastled me 
Darryl helped at saw 
Not getting upset at buses being late 
Watching Tv with my brother 
When I arrived to work this morning, the guard smiled and waived "hello." 
Elevator conversation with lady on the elevator. 
Knowing that I am ready for work. 
Gorgeous bright sunshine today, enjoying the calming river on a walk with my dad and Chloe. 
Being excited to see my mother-in-law 
having a very caring boyfriend. 
My friend listened to me cry this morning. 
Going to church and seeing friends, 
my parents are always there for me when I need them. 
One stressful event that unfortunately occurs frequently to me nowadays is that I usually fear that I will fall behind on work and not meet deadlines. 
Yesterday, I realized that I needed to re-find my passion in order to boost my happiness. 
mom and I watched a talk show together today, allowing us to spend some quality time together. 
My green/orange juice 
Lach, my partner, who helps me with the housework, who offers to lessen my load and who never expects to be thanked. 
My friend kept her promise and showed up at an expo we were planning to go together. 
Kisses and cuddles from Adam - exchanging I love you's before we even get out of bed. 
Relaxing shower 
my daughter 
Me siento agradecido por el esfuerzo que hace mi mamá para mantener la casa unida y estable. 
Having my own room and a place of my own inside my house 
more than usual 
A warm big hug from my husband 
My network of friends in the workplace and how they help me cope 
I have friends that want to contact me regularly and involve me in their plans, like Kristie's email this morning. 
Being single, I don't have to worry to about a partner, in respects to time, emotions involved, drama etc. 
starting my day with pancake 
My family. 
Ani the super doggie and Cholo the cool kittie! 
My cat 
When Ryley came into bed with me this morning, and we had lots of really nice hugs 
暂时有很多闲暇时间 
Getting out of my apartment on a cold day to see a friend I hadn't seen in months 
cleaning my room a little 
Buying some holiday gifts for people I love. 
My dog 
Visiting the Angelica Cafe 
have a good night sleep and rested well. 
My best friend Daniel always being there for me. 
received a call from a company that is interested in talking to me 
my mom's ship 
coffee date with a good friend 
got mushrooms and lunch for c 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting breakfast in bed. 
get the table from apartment ower while he answered me. 
the people around me. 
NO traffic congestion on the way to city 
Gracias por que diario desayuno con mamá, por nuestro huevo, por nuestro jugo, por lo que compartimos juntas. 
My dad drove all the way to my place to spend Saturday gardening with me. 
Lexi sent me this link to help cheer me up. 
Today I was grateful to have time to get our living room cleaned up, mop the floor, clear the table of junk and throw away a giant stack of old magazines that were gathering dust. 
Lauri visiting 
Big Sis' voice. 
Trying to scratch my daughter like my puppy. 
able to work from home now and then. 
Wife agreed to go to office on my insistence. 
take a shower of the dog 
nadad talh beldej ugsun Saraadaa bayrlalaa:)) 
my second class being cancelled today so that I didn't feel unprepared for class like usual, and I get a little extra time to prepare for when I do meet with my professor. 
it isn't raining 
Being called for an interview tomorrow 
The support of my friends and the love of my family. 
I have a stable family 
grate fil for,the activities i'm doing sn the people,intera ting with me 
a day to just relax 
Grateful for being walking distance to work - it's been so easy to pop in over the weekend. 
Success of conference 
Emma picked me up. 
Being structured and efficient 
work 
was surprised at how easily I comprehended the statistics literature I was reading on my Kindle on the bus ride to MSAC. 
life 
Wife 
Finally brought a ton of cables and old tech to the recycling bin. 
wake up a live 
cleaned my room even if i did'nt want to. 
outcome of my work 
sleeping enough 
Tener a Paul a mi lado siempre 
My coworker made me feel good about something that worried me 
I can vent to my 2 SEN coleagues and they don't think any less of me 
Living with Jan and having to put up with being an unattractive, unintelligent, bad person who is never contented. 
我希望我的父母和家人身体健康，家庭幸福。 
Tommy 
have a new awareness of myself. 
having a good family, a house I can live, Parrents I have. 
Well I'll start with getting out of a bad relationship :) I did it! 
My mother - for supporting me unconditionally. 
got a birthday card from one of my good friends .I can't remember what it writes ,but I do feel great when I open and read it . 
acheiving getting Mia to Drs 
My pets - two cats and a dog that are stupid but lovely. 
my girlfriends txt she sent me while i was asleep. 
my son is told okay by a GP we went to today. 
got Compliment for new shoes from a friend 
帮助同学们修复了中病毒的优盘 
i can keep my su 
My son 
We have a nice home, fairly clean, nicely decorated lots of space 
baked a delicious chili dinner last night 
did first mandibular implants 
Laura took time away from her schoolwork to massage my neck and shoulders when I mentioned that they were super tense. 
Michael - I don't have to deal with the abuse or the drama any more. 
I'm doing really great work with my PHP game project. 
Βράδυ στην Πλάκα. 
Being alive 
I got to spend time with Markus over the weekend 
sleep tight 
Alisha had a happy and enjoyable delivery experience. 
My father left me a packet of medicines for fever, cough before he left for Pune. 
Happy that today my son went to nursery school and didnt cry. 
Going back to the gym. 
my family. 
have a amazing family. 
having a bed and somewhere to sit. 
the space I have in my apartment allowing me to be creative (turning it into my personal haven) 
have emotional support 
The first thing that brightened my day was going out shopping with my sister and mum. 
a new co-worker who helps me to think about art and beauty. 
YY陪我講話走出困難的一晚 
1. 
Having family who care and is there for me 
Having the opportunity to live and keep dreaming even when i dont have control about what will happen in the future 
Agradecida porque todos los días tengo tiempo para compartir con Andres en casa y pasar bien juntos. 
Stamps lying on her back looking cute when I woke up. 
Mark. 
My partner making me laugh when I woke up 
friends 
Jeg vågnede tidligt og følte ikke jeg havde behov for at sove længere. 
My family 
left the house on time to go to work 
The first thing that brightened my day was: the prayer in the morning and knowing that I am blessed during the day no matter the circumstances. 
Got a nice lunch with friend 
managed to got up early in the morning and was feeling absolutely energized and healthy. 
Sunshine make me fell complete. 
Thankful to my husband for doing the food shopping yesterday. 
My 2 year old daughter. 
ran today! 
Hun spurgte om jeg ville med på Bar. 
Awesome weekend with my wonderful roommates 
seeing my puppy wagging her tail and making her dumb face at me in the morning 
My boyfriend is amazing 
My girlies are fun 
Duncan had thoughtfully made the bed 
my amazing family, having parents that support me no matter what I do, through the good and the bad. 
No matter what my famliy is there for me. 
the first thing that brightened my day was my delicious halloumi, sun dried tomato and lettuce rap. 
family and friends 
An email from a friend 
zsófi ma írt, hogy találkozzunk. 
support of colleagues 
Truly grateful that my parents are healthy 
My daughter 
Having accepted a freelance position and stepping back into work 
see my friends 
Rohan Singhal called me. 
The one thing that makes my life great is my family. 
My kids. 
The house is nice and clean when I got in 
Waking up with a hug and a kiss from my boyfriend. 
discovered this website 
Nice day with brother and sister in law together with my family 
healthy and I can play football well. 
1. 
Supportive friends 
I have the opportunity to experience weekends with my friends. 
Bubs has a loving mother. 
to have a great job that makes me feel like I am valuable 
a boyfriend that appreciates my cooking and cleans the kitchen when I'm done cooking. 
Get to spend time with my puppy 
Having time to grab a coffee and oatmeal this morning! 
Mon chum qui m'a embrassé ce matin 
The first thing I am grateful for is my health. 
Friendly company with joe 
My mother being here with me and sharing my problems and feelings 
Waking up feeling satisfied. 
Roxy made me laugh all day and so did Patrick and Paulina. 
Ser seleccionada para un trabajo 
new music, time to try happily, the willingness to grow and learn, and make time for self care and stress mgmt like, massage, exercise, reading and family recreation, and even baking apple crisp. 
That someone has a high review of myself 
My wonderful son who loves to talk to his mom. 
Knowing God 
No more roommate stress 
Intervarsity and the fellowship that I have with the other people in it. 
My husband 
my parents accepted me back home when i got no where to go after leaving the house mad and unexplained 
Take care of myself. 
got here in record time. 
not living with my family anymore. 
a safe home and a roof over my head 
finished work early today 
iiiiiiii 
My mom always helps me when I need help at school. 
my home, my job, food and how much my dad helps me and my son out. 
Grateful that I have apples for the pie I'm maing 
I had the opportunity and prosperity to be able to go see Book of Mormon at the Buell last night. 
the nice smell of me room 
Giving me confides 
worked through some interesting activities with Leigh and JT. 
Income that allows me to live comfortably 
My father is getting better and better 
Wanting a child 
have lots of friends 
Remembering the 17 year old who conquered BODYATTACK training with only one arm. 
woke up. 
My mom 
seeing my daughter happy 
FamilyFriendsMoney 
don't have to worry about being un employed at the moment! 
My friends and their overwhelming support of me 
Finding a place to live. 
Linda Brady. 
to have 3 healthy kids! 
The people that work for me. 
friends came by 
Father is Not Sick 
Sono i piccoli pensieri che contano...le persone che si ricordano di te...Giovanni che mantiene la porta aperta e mi aspetta :) 
Not worrying about living with Mari! nice roomate but stressful relationship I need my space! 
Noticing my beautiful property. 
My talent and ability to do what I love 
Alex made me a cup of tea and then another and said she wasn't counting. 
Acknowledgement of a handwritten letter 
Worrying about paying bills while being unemployed 
a great cup of coffee 
to have such a supporting mother. 
My pupil enjoyed their learning and thanked me, I am thankful to be their teacher. 
have coped with abuse and become stronger. 
An accidental meeting-leading to great opportunities. 
my house is full of food 
Lunch with my best friend. 
doug got out of jail 
was able to relax on a day off 
1. 
Driving with Gabe went well. 
Boss out of town 
so grateful that my husband has come out of his depression and has solved the dilemma that was making him upset. 
The commute was so easy. 
Martin selling candy bars for his daughters Key Club:) 
GRATEFUL OF TAKING CARE OF MY GRAND DAUGHTER 
grandboys - love to talk to them, love to play with them, love watching them grow and change and learn to intereact 
friends 
That my morning was accomplished without any major incidents. 
loved unconditionally, what a blessing. 
go my own speed. 
First happy thing today was waking up and snuggling with my significant other, having coffee and discussing our schedules. 
Dad & Ann have taken me in and included me in their lives. 
a very lucky woman 
being able to get out and accomplish a run this afternoon. 
seeing an old friend. 
My blood work was awesome, I'm healthy. 
The first thing was Deonna's mouse story, 
my son saying he loves me. 
I know God and that he loves me the way I am. 
The sun looked beautiful outside today. 
took the contract from the notary 
Getting my hair cut 
'm thankful for my family and fiance, that we are all together and healthy. 
WAKING UP 
The first thing that brightened my day was I opened my face book messages and had an I love you from the love of my life. 
Beautiful home 
w0ke UP and went to church come home rode horses with my true friends and then went qand spent the rest of the day with my kidss 
a wonderful vet, Dr. LeJeune 
my wonderful Husband. 
My roommates 
Chris cooked dinner 
one of my daughters called me 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting texted back by Jo. 
Nick took pictures of my Wii and posted them on Ebay for me. 
FOR FAMILY THAT ENJOYS EACH OTHER. 
MY MOTHERS HAIR. 
Spending time with my son. 
MY HUSKIES 
My family my friends my pets My vacationsMy job 
warm bed and snoze buttons 
seeing the seedlings of grass growing. 
The first thing that brightened my day was my friend Shane. 
My roof being fixed. 
Buying a home and saving up for a down payment. 
Taking the dogs to the dog park 
My cats 
Wallace makes me very happy and I am so glad he is in my life. 
Loren and I are in a good place especially after everything we have been through. 
BIL sueing our whole family. 
had good day! 
My relationship with loved ones 
The traffic was better then usual due to today being Veterans Day. 
my fried Marybeth came by with some Avon 
dogs 
1. 
woke up to a fairly clean house. 
My kids getting along. 
Maggie - I can't imagine my life without her and I'm so lucky to have her. 
my loving family. 
don't have to worry about the fights my ex boyfriend and I would always have. 
Good communication with partner 
This morning, I was ratefull that sam could help me with the BME when I couldent figure it out myself 
helpful kids 
my husband. 
eat leftovers 
got my car vacuumed out 
Laughimg with my friends at school 
Harold did not fall today. 
l am grateful for my 2 beautiful boys. 
Waking up 
Kate woke up feeling well and was able to go to the library with John. 
Thankful for my husband, Bill. 
got alot of work done 
my boyfriend makes me very happy 
my son, who without his help I would not have been able to get our elderly neighbors leaves picked up. 
two healthy children 
Mollie is on varsity kick team 
was able to take care of my animals 
my family...as crazy as they make me sometimes I wouldn't trade them for anything. 
felt a little better. 
not having to get new glasses 
I was able to cross off a chore that I have been unable to do for 2 weeks. 
I have great friends that I can talk to and vent when I am frustrated. 
my dog always knows when I need a bit of extra love 
My caring husband. 
My son was here. 
The first thing that brightened my day was my daughters getting out of bed when I asked them to not when I forced them to . 
Jordan 
Grateful my dad had the necessary surgery to unclog his artery. 
Greatful for being able to stay at home, not work, do what I want to do. 
Taking my 1 mile daily walk. 
to be alive 
Charlie is so helpful with housework, like vacuuming and dishes. 
Laura liked my status on Facebook. 
talking to Jim 
My efforts were acknowledged. 
Seeing my children smile and laugh. 
My dogs stayed with me all day while I was sick. 
Getting out of the house 
have friends at work 
figuring out how I was going to mail the catalogs to my customers 
My health 
My husband goes to work. 
breakfast without feeding half the community so me and my family can have food 
the Lord loves me and never gives up on me. 
Seeing carly 
feel very grateful to have good health. 
Being in my own home, a place I can be comfortable and safe. 
My difficult marriage. 
friends that share my love of yoga 
My husband caring smile and kind ways. 
having people caring about my feelings. 
have a friend that is like a sister to me and she does not judge me. 
seeing my grandkids 
Grateful for grad assistant Kassey who genuinely missed me when I was away last week! 
When I hear my son and husband giggle together, it makes me feel grateful that we are all together and reminds me to enjoy the simple pleasures in life. 
That it's a holiday so there was no mail to process at work making it just a pleasant stress free day 
seeing my children smile and laugh 
waking up and knowing that I will be ok in my future and the day off 
friends 
This morning I decided to be grateful, instead of worrying about the day. 
Spending time with my grandson 
Feeling energetic and ready to start the day 
my penpal Nicki Marie. 
Free snacks and coffee. 
Seeing my hubby and smiling at me, knowing he loves me no matter what, and the love of my son. 
妈妈辛苦的努力，让我能够有条件读书。爸爸带给我的新奇的东西，爸爸的手很巧。让我敢相信许多事情从技术技巧方面都是可行的。 
一周的工作拖到最后一天做，最后一天极度焦虑，现在不会那么严重了，但是接受现在的程度。以后会更好。 
今天上午做的工作达到了我的满意。 
My Family (John and Kayla) 
My husband 
reading a good book 
I am able to be in my grandchildren's lives on a daily basis. 
Juliette didn't get hurt when she got into the vitamins. 
made myself porridge for breakfast, trying to bounce back from unhealthy diet gradually. 
running 
I got some work done even though i have the stomach flu. 
Tulip & Nomad my dogs. 
A JobRecognition sometimesHaving work to do and not being out of workThe times when all is good at workBeing able to get there and back with gas pricesHaving good transportation 
talked to my dad 
was grateful the I had put aside some money so I could pick up some extra food until payday. 
People complimenting/appreciating my muffins. 
was grateful for being able to stay home with my sick kid 
my husband and how hard he works for us. 
Waking up 
waking up every morning 
my children! 
Financial security .. no worries! 
Sharing desserts with my wife's work colleagues 
my husband and my son have such a special bond. 
Getting a hug from Jenna 
No one got hurt, 
Rik gave me kisses this morning before work. 
time with my family. 
My kids and my healthy bodies 
Bruce is alive today. 
The sun shining brightly this morning 
Grateful for Yoda and the time I get to spend with her. 
don't have to worry about T leaving me all the time. 
got in and out of the urgent care quickly. 
Marin forwards me find-a-job emails 
Getting a text from my boyfriend and being greeted by my family in the morning. 
James 
nothing comes to mind yet 
only live 2 minutes from work. 
made my boss laugh. 
My kids 
I have such a good friend that would open her home to me in my time of need. 
Christina wants to hang out! 
don't let bad interviews get me down, even when they are really bad. 
That my family is supporting me financially while I'm in grad school. 
my happy happy pups. 
I have children 
not waking up to deal with an angry person every day 
My boyfriend take care of me and our unborn daughter every moment! 
Hearing my cats cry for food and them them crawling all overme to get up an feed them. 
My sisters bought me a fridge! 
was up early 
Anna remembered our anniversary 
My daughter understood and agreed with my feelings 
We have a home 
Pleasant surprise 1: Seeing the deer this morning at the sanctuary trail. 
1. 
Pesky ant problem went away 
watched my grandchildren play and laugh together 
The task force that I was afraid of leading was changed to something that I am more comfortable with doing 
we made it to the bus on time this morning without any incidents. 
I have a good roommate I get along with. 
seeing Georgia in the morning brightened my day when I woke up because she is always so happy to see me no matter what. 
Watching a movie in Spanish class. 
was able to sleep in. 
Spending time with my husband. 
Bob asked me how my week in the City went...i.e., my boss noticed that I was away and bothered to ask me about it. 
the sunny beautiful weather in Miami today. 
have a job I really like. 
Kelsey & Richard cared about my feelings 
of a bad marriage 
my daughter laying with me 
family 
Spending time with my brother 
Carson helps make me a better person. 
Dancing makes life great 
a roof over my head 
My independence 
I got to visit my mom today. 
A job 
my grandson 
My girlfriends smile before going to work. 
a loving and supportive husband. 
My beautiful daughter. 
was able to call Debra and ask her about my situation. 
Family thanked me for my help in navigating their mother's placement and passing 
have a large family. 
my Family 
seeing my kids 
Listening to the individuals I work with working on a task we were about to do. 
working side by side with my husband doing house things 
I am alive 
My daughter woke up feeling better after a two day bought with fever & vomiting. 
Working. 
my children. 
My 3 beautiful loving children. 
1. 
Getting a call from a good friend 
my kids home with me 
finally did my dishes. 
God's forgiveness and unconditional love. 
managed to escape from an extremely stressful job as a legal assistant to four litigators. 
spending time with my grandson 
I was able to sleep in. 
Having help to pay the bills I could not have paid on my own. 
my high school friend Misty Reynolds pinging me on fb 
My cat purred 
my cats 
老公在家煮了蛋稀饭，说是例假来了吃些好消化的，还买了我想吃的馒头。 
Mayra came to take care of the girls when I was feeling awful. 
The first thing that brightened my day was sleeping in until 9:30 then jumping in the shower and using my pretty smelling soap. 
family 
made a comment on facebook and got an immediate thanks 
smooching the tummies of my sillyheads 
hot running water with water pressure. 
Figuring out if a boyfriend really likes me. 
a husband that provides for me 
Dinner made 
my kids seem to be so delighted with each other. 
news about kim 
Coffee 
1. 
I feel happy and calm and relax which is significant improvement vs last week. 
used to fly back and forth every week for my job. 
being able to do things independantly 
My children are both healthy and haven't had any sick days from school this year. 
Seeing the sunshine during lunch and getting out of the office for a few minutes. 
my mom 
woke up 
Watching a morning movie and getting lunch with Lawrence 
woke up with fresh bed sheets :) 
today I saw my girlfriend 
The first thing that brightened my day was a randome stranger telling me I was "a nice looking lady" 
every day that I have Alison to support me and help me run the household, hold me and love me when I need affection, and be my companion. 
My cat. 
milo's tail wag 
ucsf has 7 spots 
my children 
Chris made me coffee, went for my car this morning and always telling me he loves me:) 
very grateful that my wife does all the chores, cleans up my room, takes care of all the stuff about my daughter and also makes great food for me 
Quiet time to myself in the morning 
had the house to myself 
the job itself 
My Wife 
Finish one day job 
Helping others. 
I have a successful career doing something I genuinely am passionate about 
have a great welcome home. 
Waking Up! 
The Mediacorp presentation went well 
Having a job 
Ég er þakklát fyrir það hversu yndislegir drengirnir mínir eru og hvað þeir virðast vera í góðu jafnvægi. 
going to the gym 
The fact that my family is healthy 
Andrew Skyped me and patiently set up his computer so we could watch Naruto together. 
Saúde, irmãos 
Mi independencia 
Claire gave me mammosphere plates 
My relationship with Ade 
Today I am grateful for spending the day with holly, not having a real work day and having a nice brunch. 
Bioshock DLC being out 
divided by zero. 
my kids 
kids 
my dog 
saw Last Vegas. 
have managed to find a couple of interesting projects I can push through under the radar 
Being unemployed. 
Harmonia familiar e bem estar - alegria 
Íris porque é um ser maravilhoso e porque conseguiu viver 
Íris 
bought new tires for my car. 
Serene viber me. 
Trevligt äta lunch med Hans 
think my boss was pleasantly surprised that I was able to answer him about Set Top Boxes, and also present the brand equity research 
Mr. Mischief asked for mu number which made me super anxious but after consulting my gf's i replied with 'kalau xleh cmne?' and he was very nice and sweet and funny about it :) 
c 
Grateful that Mark seems eager and excited to help us. 
Yesterday I was able to accomplish my W4D1 from the C25K plan. 
Realization that I don't need to work 24/7 to accomplish my financial goals. 
Viktor la çalışma fırsatı 
Last night's call from Dara 
Mark and I are on a trip together. 
Mom's great home-cooked meals. 
First , I'm glad I'm no longer in a long distance relationship with my boyfriend anymore. 
Matt & I got lunch at Paisley Cafe then got a cupcake at L&L. 
was told by my manager that we wouldn't be scheduled for an early morning load and performance testing meeting with our client. 
my house mate's patience with me today. 
To see Fico (a guy I like) at the Gym 
ALVIN 
Health 
someone would like to introduce her brother to me as BF，because i have good character 
Got a reply saying someone I wanted to be at my party is coming 
made miso soup for the first time and it was delicious 
Today,i thinks myself,because i can get up early than before.i 
its a great opportunity 
The warm greetings from others. 
my parents taught my brother & me to be loving, caring and compassionate to others, to be responsible, help out in the house, without expecting an allowance., expect a punishment for being disrespectful, lying or doing things you should not, Not getting all we wanted.. 
Some people didn't focus negative energy on me. 
the weather was lovely enough to lay out. 
to wake up to a sunny day and new-fallen snow. 
The fact that I slept fairly well. 
Nick because he is steadfast and dependable in his love for me. 
Kevin came in with a smile on his face, happy I had enjoyed my day off. 
used to have a verbally and emotionally abusive boss. 
Abel 
My teacher gave me positive feedback on my presentation of my lesson. 
sending Happify to my girlfriend, she replied me with a "I already did my first task". 
That Daniel takes care of us. 
My parents and my sister 
laughed with my mother 
my healthy children 
My family 
thought, "Today I will do something good." 
Receiving the best attentions from my boyfriends at breakfast time, boiled eggs and tea are pieces of love! 
Carlos, é o meu melhor amigo e ajuda-me todos os dias a ultrapassar os momentos maus e faz dos momentos bons ainda melhores. 
Graças a Deus não tenho, actualmente preocupações com a minha saúde nem da minha família próxima. 
coffee 
family 
woke up. 
The first positive thing was deciding to go on a hike/walk first thing. 
another morning :) 
my boyfriend is wonderful in any possible way 
look better and am more healthy than ever, 
Went for a walk with my wife and talked through our presentations together. 
O Bruno ter comprado leite 
Passeio que o Bruno pensou 
ccc 
listen to Mrs InÊs when she needed someone shoulder to cry on 
Waking up beside my husband. 
My husband. 
I ran into an old friend that I ended on bad terms with. 
Parents supporting my career decisions regardless of how risky they seem. 
having Sophie in my life. 
Having a team that's willing to work late 
my dad always hears me out and gives me advice when I'm sad. 
Por ser madre de dos hijos maravillosos 
The fact that I have no debt, I live in a comfortable place and I have a good support system. 
my children 
we have a wonderful homey house in a happy neighborhood. 
The first thing I am thankful for is my mother. 
was left in charge to generate the payroll forecast. 
have been working on a detailed painting for a while and felt grateful for my patience to see it coming out great. 
my lab greeting me this morning and looking forward to connecting with one of my best friends from high school and also celebrating my birthday this weekend with some very close family and friends... 
Having to many wonderful friends and family in my life ! 
the generosity of my Mother and Brother. 
Waking up with my dog. 
got all the yard work done before it got really cold 
That I'm healthy. 
was able to hang some wall decorations that have been cluttering my home. 
斌立超有耐心，畫了好多圖，給了很多很珍貴的建議和引導，讓我自己思考。 
Yesterday being a Monday and despite how guarded I felt from an argument/fight my husband and I had over the weekend. 
waking my daughter up 
That Kim thanked me for my help and that she said I was good at it. 
Sticking to my 30-day plank challenge 
I work from home, I experience the view of the garden we created all day, every day. 
Going to an appointment that will give me the opportunity to go back to school. 
Got a phone call from a dear friend 
not reflecting about life 
RunningExcercise 
I have the opportunity to work at a company that I like overall and works in an ethical manner that I appreciate. 
don't have to worry about problems with abusing drugs or people finding out about it because I don't do that anymore. 
Our veterans meal 
My son 10 months old, shows me immense love by crawling 2wards me everywhere i go, not only following me but with all love in his eyes and smile, not childish but as if he knows that he loves me frm all his heart, as if am his favourite, i can feel it... he hugs me lik a grownup and am really thankful he reciprocates my love for him more than i do for him. 
Creatitivy and being able to make the clay figure today and it looks great. 
my boss not being at work today 
https://s3.amazonaws.com/happify-marty-prod-user-uploads/3e1b4e5ad521ae1b48992326a8a9028b41dc247d 
My animals for loving me no matter what kind of mood I am in. 
to have very smart healthy children 
My daugthers 
Mum and dad coming down to visit 
got a new job. 
The chance to interview with a great team for a full time job. 
Meeting my friend in town to watch a film. 
have a good, steady job and I am able to support myself and live out on my own. 
have a loving husband and children by my side every day. 
noyhing 
Seeing the man I love. 
had time to bake cookies 
have a job that I love. 
able to eat, my nausea from yesterday went away. 
My morning walk- 
The sound of Jacob's voice in the morning. 
My kids 
my pets. 
the sunshine 
when I get the house clean and everyone keeps it clean 
my children are healthy, happy and bright. 
the first thing that brightened my day was giving my son a kiss on his cheek before he left for college this morning. 
Hugs and smiles from my kids 
secured the meeting with Scott at Family Fresh 
Space 
my friend invited out to eat with her. 
That my grandsons were here 
having a jobhaving my son and husband with mebeing able to plan and save for our future 
Traci texted me to tel me she was getting her hair colored. 
got a good grade on my Food Science exam last week. 
Working with Janet this week. 
was able to get cleaning done 
The first thing that brightened my day was my friend wanted to hangout for awhile this morning. 
my son, Josh. 
kids said love you mom and thanks for lunch this morning 
my daughter 
My family which includes my husband and two dogs.My home, the care I take. 
was able to pick Aidyn up because I got my drivers license finally - that makes me thankful because I get to be able to do more for them. 
petting my dog 
being obedient 
My husband 
Amalinda 
cleaned my house really don"t have n answer 
The face that I have a job, when the unemployment rate is so high. 
I have a beautiful family, A husband who works hard for us and a son who does his best everyday 
a roof over my head .food 
woke up happy 
Aunt Mary giving me new cushions 
my sons happiness 
my Children 
That God woke me up this morning. 
My son having a snow day so he could rest and recover without missing any school work. 
all the new people liking my photo page. 
No more life-sucking ex-relationship. 
have people who genuinely love me 
very grateful for my son Joseph, he is not sick he is a health and happy kid, we do what we can. 
Waking up with my cat purring next to me. 
My mother 
Sister 
When I was the first to see my little boy this morning. 
My wonderful boyfriend- he's cute and sweet and loves my cat 
dad got a good doctors report 
Grateful that I woke up early to wash Chloe's school clothes and load & run the dishwasher. 
completed an assignment that I had been putting off for school because I finally found a peer reviewed article. 
1. 
my continuing health, and the fact my business is growing. 
Cody washed all the dishes for me. 
my kids are healthy, smart and motivated 
My Son's 
my grandsons 
Having my boyfriend next to me everyday. 
My Children 
Thinking about the great time I had at the movies with my son yesterday. 
woke up to the first snowfall in Boston. 
my family, our home! 
A congregation member brought each staff person a picture frame and a gift certificate 
my amazing roomate Jillian; it's so awesome to come home to her and share stories about our day or dish about this and that - she's super cool and I feel really lucky to have her as not only a roomate but as a friend :) 
I've overcome having daily panic attacks by recognizing the signs and sypmtoms, relating them to past experiences, and regained my composure, learning how to navigate them when they arise 
That I'm able to come home to a happy family that likes many of the same things I do. 
My warm kitty sleeping on my lap. 
Greatful for supportive family. 
grandma 
being raped as a child and as an adult 
still here considering fight i am fighting 
helped keith clean out freg 
Waking up to my puppy licking my hand. 
Dog 
1. 
Finishing household chores 
have a skill I can use well...and I'm smart enough to figure out HOW to do something I am inspired by 
nice morning outside with my dogs 
Peaceful, quiet location, where I feel safe and comfortable. 
Three things I don't have to worry about:I have no children, and do not plan to ever have them. 
Waking up after not fitfully sleeping all night. 
incredibly grateful for my husband's new chapter in life. 
The military. 
my sons progress 
have a really sweet and affectionate but sometimes crazy kitty. 
don't have to worry about being loved. 
My dog Scooter 
My life, my own living space 
I accomplished the task at hand 
We are all healthy. 
a loving spouse 
the roof over my head 
THAT I am buying a home.. Being a home buyer lets me know I have accomplished something.. 
My husband for placing reminders to hug me in my planner 
A new blazer 
Hugs 
my husband unwavering display of love for me through his every action 
Calm doggy greetings. 
a safe place to live 
Family when sharing time.Animals.A bright sunshiny day. 
Regina brought the chips and salsa I've been craving 
My husbands gave me a kiss and said he loved me before he went to work!!! 
My husband 
have a wonderful husband. 
William helped look at my computer--he spent longer than he needed to and helped me try to figure out what was wrong. 
Having some one supportive in my life 
Having the emotional support. 
My co-worker helped me feel better when I was dwelling on my bad mood and the negatives at work. 
my husband doesn't beat me 
My youngest getting over heat exhaustion yesterday. 
Waking up this morning 
I had enough money to pay the server bill 
Dealing with Joe Decker and Rizzi 
I got my new quilt in the mail that covers my bed. 
Woke up 
have a job 
The loving and caring families that I work with. 
Liz did a great job on HTT 
breathing 
hearing my daughter and boyfriend were coming for dinner. 
House over my headfood on the tablemoney to pay bills 
Snow 
my children and their unconditional love 
I have a husband who loves me unconditionally. 
The first thing that brightened my day was my morning cup o' Joe. 
A deviled egg in the fridge. 
Enjoying a good morning snuggle with my daughter. 
Brad even thought he was mad at me got up and cleaned my car and shoveled me a path. 
chemo is working for my daughter! 
My coworkers asked me how my weekend was, especially asked about the success of the retirement party for my husband. 
Supportive staff at school who cover me when I need it. 
My family. 
My husband finding Nikki's book. 
Gaby and I started to converse and be "normal" with each other again. 
When I gave Gaby the cake together with my friends. 
having breakfast with husband 
I was able to sleep in today 
Getting married, with a lot of help from Anavadya and Mike, I was able to work through my fears. 
My girls 
my friends being able to forgive my drunken blunders. 
My home. 
Isabel 
sunshine, beautifulblue sky 
meditated 
my family celebrated my birthday with me and care about me. 
My husband 
Shayla didn't cry when I dropped her off at preschool. 
my son 
Having a home 
good at my job 
talk to ed 
Grateful for my team. 
Es noziedoju apavus labdarībai 
seeing the sun out 
to have a loving and thoughtful husband. 
my family and the relationship I have with them. 
supportive family 
Ed allowed me to sleep in, brought coffee and breakfast and didn't rush me even though I had a late shift and woke up well before time to leave. 
Having very understanding team mates who are fun to be with and who respect my opinions. 
got out of bed early and left the house 
my family and my children. 
having a caring and loving mother and that she is helping me through my time of need. 
seeing my husband this morning. 
unexpectedly got to spend lunch time with my bff and she helped me pick out a winter jacket. 
to live in a house of women who appreciate me and care deeply for me. 
My parents are always trying to do what they think is best for me. 
wake each day to my cat waking me up and wanting to play.....love that! 
We have friends that give us a discount and want to help us achieve our career goals 
my puppies 
my husband because he puts up with my quirks. 
job 
My boss gave me a standing o at the manager's meeting which made me feel proud. 
My Pet Venus was the first thing that brightened my day. 
today i got to come home early and just sit without anyone needing anything. 
Caitlyn 
my family and friends 
my children and pets are all healthy 
was grateful that Jason took the time to talk to me 
hearing from my daughter 
Got office organized; purged files. 
got to watch anything I wanted on tv 
My family 
Nick 
The first thing that brightened my day was . . . 
waking up 
Heat 
my family and friends. 
my fiance, James. 
family 
Finding out that Grammy came through surgery okay brightened my day. 
John and my healthy relationship. 
so grateful for Tara. 
My Grandfather died and the funeral was on my birthday not a huge thing but between my own loss wanting to help my mom and family and all the other things that come with that it was a stressful time. 
communion at my Aunt's funeral service my 3 year old nephew decided to handout his own communion. 
Dawn took me out to lunch. 
Waking up without being mad at my alarm clock. 
Stability. 
my day off and by myself to clean and play on my computer without anyone telling me i should be doing something else 
My husband 
My brother 
great full for my kids and how well they behave 
my husband calling me on his way to work and saying hello beautiful. 
no drama 
help with small stuff at work 
having woke up this morning. 
My grandkids! 
Doug said good morning 
returning clients that continue to stay loyal to Lemon Peel Photography 
Seeing the pink and peach Sunrise outside of my window through the stained glass peacock. 
It snowed! 
I get to spend time with my cats everyday and work from home 
Work: When I used to work for other people, I'd always get stressed out. 
The first thing that brightened my day today was getting to spend some time on Skype talking to my fiance in Scotland. 
My fiance told me I was beautiful today even though I had just gotten out of bed and hadn't showered yet. 
My fiance and his undying support of my fitness and weight loss goals. 
the smiles on the children's face 
my kids are polite, well-rounded and generally happy little humans. 
When I saw my son after he had been away for so long 
My dog Boca 
hubby sent me a nice text message 
Waking up with my son next to me makes me smile everyday. 
was able to sleep late! 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up to a clean and organized room. 
our fairly decent health 
get to watch my tv shows. 
the past I had a car that was not reliable and barely got around. 
My life is great because of all the supportive people I know. 
finished all the dishes 
my husband and what he does for me. 
Taking time to read the paper 
FAMILY VISITING 
1. 
Having a loving family. 
knowing that i can work side by side with a friend 
woke up this morning feeling good. 
all my utilities can be paid, because today is cold and ugly outside but I am warm. 
felt grateful when one of the clients took their crying 2 year old out of the building. 
Having friends like Yvonne and Liz on campus to keep me sane, grounded and involved. 
seen a few snowflafes fall 
my kids 
my children are healthy. 
my family. 
My children have found their passions. 
My family 
The sweet reply I received from Dr. D, who I can no longer see due to insurance change. 
cats 
talked to my son on the phone 
My husband. 
finding out my daughter is having a good day 
The boys saying bye to me on there way to school. 
Today I had to deal with calling Acorn property management about our pipes. 
don't have to worry about customer service jobs anymore. 
Nice customer who thanked us for finding jacket 
Finding this website 
my family. 
TV waching 
My grandkids 
i woke up free of pain 
Antidepresents 
got to have a good night's sleep. 
Seeing my wife and kids when I woke up. 
played with pets 
The first thing that brightened my day was when I made myself laugh. 
Joe calling me from work to tell me he loves me just because. 
don't have to worry about feeling useless any more!I don't have to worry about not being accepted by Joe.I don't have to worry about what others are thinking about me. 
the beautiful home I share, how happy the space makes me feel with our stuff combined. 
One thing that makes my life great is being able to have the opportunity to go to school, and am doing it. 
One thing that makes my life great is that I am physically healthy. 
My home! 
Describing my weekend and being able to say it was fun and stress free for the first time in years. 
I still have my Mom with me 
good health 
My children 
the sun the rain and my loved ones 
My dad helped me get my chores done, and we got to spend time together. 
the quiet 
i have a hard working husband that takes care of us. 
My kids were wait for me when I got up 
Currently the thing that makes my life great is knowing that I'm in the process of changing a new attitude, gratitude, and lifestyle. 
good kids. 
I ate my lunch without getting up 50 times. 
My brother making me tea because I am sick. 
I have friends who are there for me when I need them. 
Grateful that we have a home. 
My son 
Helped Erin 
Grateful when everyone cooperates and chips in to get all the housework done. 
woke up in a bad mood and reframed my mind set to a positive thought 
so grateful I woke up this morning with no considerable pain at the extraction sites in my mouth. 
The first thing that brightened my day was the fact that I got up and immediately started and completed re-writing my resume with a ton of new confident statements! 
My granddaughter is coming for the weekend 
Coffee 
to have someone to give me a ride up and down the hill most days...especially now that the weather is getting cold. 
to be alive with all my 5 senses. 
My family 
Becoming self-aware 
woke up. 
Being alive 
a beautiful healthy kids. 
got a good deal on soda. 
Sleeping in 
called my Mom back after stressing over it for a week. 
how much my husband loves me 
We got new pens at work that I love. 
friends and co-workers, making them laugh and smile , being able to help them with their problems. 
My kids. 
my children who can always make me laugh. 
a morning spent with my husband. 
My good health is something I am very grateful for 
Finding a great parking spot 
My children 
have a job after today and the mistakes I made I'm still learning 
My family 
a home of my own my daughter would love it 
My job is very stressful im just learning and my shift yesterday I had a couple people that really helped me 
was really stressed at work and my boss said I was doing a good job that I was to hard on myself 
got up earlier than normal 
Seeing my mother healthy and feeling well 
My husbands smile 
Snuggles with Matthew 
My grandson, Théoden 
the delicious food I ate today 
my two cats and how they make me smile and laugh so much. 
debt free - no large bills hanging over me. 
finally got the bathrooms cleaned! 
own my home and I don't have to rent anymore. 
having a warm home for the onset of winter. 
my loving husband. 
nice shoes/compliment from total stranger. 
hot shower 
Thanks for directions... 
positive thoughts on facebook 
Rain 
My honey knew I was struggling and brought me flowers and chocolate 
napping with 2 kittens. 
My dad has dementia, and my mom was able to give up the management part of her job today which made her and my dad very happy and relieved a great deal of stress for all of us. 
drew a beautiful painting today 
kids 
being appreciated at work 
waking up this morning. 
saw linda today 
coffee 
My ex-students come to talk with me and talk news! 
went to the animal shelter and offered my time to keep the pets sociable 
have an incredible, loving family that I truly enjoy being with and speaking to, and would want them to be a part of my life, even if they were not my family. 
I have 2 children that are being responsible (most of the time) and are trying to improve their lives in some way. 
Seeing Jessica sing and reach success in her life. 
The barista at Caribou this morning, smiling, greeting me by name, & knowing my regular order. 
Waking up beside my hubby. 
My Mother-in-law is watching the kids today so I did not have to drop them off before going to work this morning. 
Grades - I'm glad to be done with school so that I no longer have to worry about my test scores, gpa, and scholarship. 
family 
Clinton is teaching me so I feel more competant 
to have steady, full time employment after 3 months of no to part time work that I did not enjoy. 
some alone and quiet time. 
Me and being with my family spending time doing things together . 
Made plans for Thanksgiving 
didn't let fear hold me back to live in the moment 
getting to talk to a long time friend (doziar) I woke up around 6am very happy bout that 
My cultivating a love of reading 
family 
my kids and grandkids. 
My puppys love for me 
got to hear my guy's voice on the phone, which I haven't heard in so long. 
My husband is completely dedicated to me and in love with me. 
1. 
do not have to worry about marriage discrimination anymore. 
got to work on grading while my students were writing timed essays. 
Being a mother , My kids mean the world to me. 
Being alone. 
saw a friend 
I woke up this mourning and able to make it to work . 
My true love that I found after so many heartaches. 
great meeting 
My daughter 
My Family 
found out i was going to be a grandma today 
surrounded by many good friends. 
everything 
My friends and family 
spending time with mumgetting therapy to combat my depressionmy online friends 
workmoneyfamily 
waking up and outside the sun was shining 
mum picking me up to go shopping and buying me wrapping paper as i cant afford it 
went food shopping and spent time with mumfound out i am getting ssp after all 
wearing a jumper which was tight on me before it made me cry happy tears 
my mum shes a role model looks after my dad she has a great sense of humour and makes me laugh 
getting my own house with help from mum. 
spending time with mum even though it was tescos i just love spending time with her 
Yesterday I tidied up the wardrobe its been untidy for weeks after my initial clearout and it was a great feeling as i realised i had hidden treasure. 
Grateful for the love of YHVH. 
changed my insurance over, decreasing my mortgage, allowing me more money to do the things I like 
having the skills and the opportunities that allow me to do what I love and work from home. 
my incredible husband who takes care of me and our family. 
The students got a kick out of the telenovela version of Jacob's story. 
I have my own personal space that I love and can build 
hurting myself at work. 
Talking with Lucian on the way to school 
was able to get some stuff done around the house that needed to be done for months. 
A co-worker sent a funny message. 
My husband got home early from school and made dinner. 
my husband Jason. 
had the time to primp today. 
Joey sent me an email. 
my amazing husband. 
I came home and my husband did the dishes. 
my family and our health 
knowing it was a day I would talk to my son 
woke up next to my loving fiance. 
a smile from my family 
was able to film a video today after waiting a while to film. 
hot green tea 
A nice email from a super-smart teacher that made me feel validated and connected. 
Peaceful start to my day with enough rest in a comfy bed 
Getting up early enough to chat with my mom before she went to work. 
My Wife 
Feeling rested 
MY four sons. 
Aiden was cute and took Perry with him today 
my son is in the hospital and they are helping him 
my wonderful husband. 
Grateful the children have their health. 
My teacher said that she thought I worked really hard and so I could turn my paper in later if I wanted to. 
have a family that loves and supports me. 
My dad and my best friends M and A have helped me tremendously throughout this semester and especially the last few weeks. 
I am able to talk to M about all of the crazy things in our lives and that we are similar. 
Able to move my body 
My daughter Alessandra who is very smart and healthy, very amazing! 
Watching a favorite show on tv, and having the household quiet so I could enjoy it with coffee. 
I came home to the house cleaned and laundry started. 
Michelle told me she admires my teaching and organization. 
made it to exercise class even though I was feeling like I really didn't want to go. 
tina 
An invitation to help a friend and enjoy a trip with him, which I decided to do because I appreciate him and want to spend time with him 
My daughter 
My kids are funny. 
was able to sleep in. 
my HostMom because without her I would be devastated thousands miles away from my home, she makes me feel like I'm home here, too... 
received a confirmation that I am starting my dream job on Monday 
Ajudei a Isa com a prova de história 
Waking up next to Charlotte. 
Angie being my roommate and sitting down to chat with me 
no longer in Pierre dealing with CPS work stress 
Coffee with Terri and Marianne. 
waking up to a beautiful day 
my daughter is feeling better tonight. 
Waking up to John 
There was no traffic 
My grandkids. 
found the part for my dryer at a great price. 
All of the children went to the doctor and they didn't fight like normal. 
Grandmother was awake and ate some this afternoon. 
woke up. 
grill lit 
3 fabulous children that love me flaws in all and that support me and that love what I pour into their lives. 
The absolutely gorgeous sunrise! 
My husband chose to come home instead of an outside activity....... 
seeing Roland in his crib. 
my children woke up happy and healthy this morning and I got to witness it. 
Seeing our cat playing again, feeling good. 
my children. 
the heat is working well! 
my husband. 
Watching my puppy Rosie see snow for the first time! 
my loving husband and my supportive family. 
My niece always wants to play with me and makes me feel loved. 
Reading Extravaganza went well 
Sunshine in through the bedroom window 
Cooking dinner 
Being able to move to our new house with more room and the kids are much happier. 
Scott has been helping in kitchen and with laundry/socks to help me bc of my hands. 
walking the dog 
Being able to get out and get WIC groceries. 
Doing the crossword with my lunch buddy. 
woke up without pain or feeling tired. 
My amazing husband. 
Being offered the guest house and storage. 
Justine is improving her life, she has realized the bad influence in her life and cut it off. 
That my husband let me sleep in and got the kids off to bed. 
I am healthy and so are my kids and grandchildren 
awoke and remembered to say "THANK YOU", "THANK YOU GOD"! 
1. 
bringing the shoes to the school and daniel handing them to the receptionist 
Message from friend 
the first thing that brightened my day was coffee 
The relationship with my husband is strong and provides with me with such support and encouragement. 
My family makes my life great. 
Saying good morning to my co-workers 
My son 
my silly cat 
Making it to work on time and it not being supper cold outside 
Mike texted about a random topic. 
Jennie noticed my new haircut 
Taking care of kids 
Nathaniel and that I have such a strong support system at home. 
THE SUN PEEKING OUT FROM BEHIND THE CLOUDS 
Lincoln 
loved when Alex understood he was struggling and stopped and asked for help. 
we seem to have found our church home, and at about the same time, it looks like we are building our new home. 
Having an early breakfast with hubby 
felt energized because I was able to sleep for about an hour this morning 
My two older children are now driving, so I don't have to drive them any more. 
My income can be unlimited. 
Breakfast with a friend 
coffee in the morning after sleeping in. 
good co-workers 
Having my three kids in my life to make me laugh and smile and my wonderful husband by my side no matter what good or bad time that we go through 
was happy when Maria came and the house was tidied and we sorted through the collection of stuff in the kitchen 
my grandkids 
a wonderful friend and parent volunteer who comes to help me out. 
my hubby making lunch 
Talking to my Mommy :) 
calling my friends 
the extra day off with my husband 
was able to work in time to exercise. 
Jon came home for lunch. 
Mom took me shopping 
having a job 
Hearing my great nephew Baby Hunter would be born anytime and was at 10:30 am. 
When everyone in my house left for work. 
I have a nice comfortable and beautiful environment to live in 
Got cleaning and mopping done and made the house look neat and clean. 
my husband cooks dinner 
was given some math materials to assist in my teaching. 
when my french teacher told me my dress was cute 
My mother to talk to and to have unconditionally 
Sticking to my diet 
Beth loaning me her umbrella. 
three happy children 
My home 
the house i have and my dad for helping me have it 
waking up to my son, and him telling me he loved me and that I am his best friend forever. 
we can manage to keep food on the table despite circumstances. 
my children are healthy and relatively happy. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my homeroom start the day positively. 
having a smart daughter. 
my partner let me shower while he ran errands and got us something to eat 
Alan and I are on a good path right now; we have decided to not sleep together, but the closeness and intimacy is still there. 
a supportive husband 
forDancing.Freely and releasingconnecting and synching. 
having a car with some gas in it 
my children are good students. 
Having Nick help me with dinner. 
My employees make me Laugh 
Joe cracking up when Kaleigh was watching Full House and she said, "How Romantic!"...so cute! 
was given a free HoT Krispy Kreme dounut . 
I didn't have to work today 
saw a kitten video of a kitten playing with waterballoons. 
The first thing that brightened my day was when Jacob made me laugh by telling me he wanted a pork sandwich when he saw the Burger King commercial. 
I can take sabbatical. 
Time spent with my mom, helping her dress more youthfully for a dinner with her friends. 
Being who I am today. 
Zumba 
My daughter waking up and telling me she loved me, that I scare all her monsters away 
Luke helped me by going to the store with me and put away groceries. 
Seeing my friend Kandi first thing in the morning. 
Micah's smile and chirpy " 'mornin' mamma" 
More sleep tonight then I have had in a few days 
don't have to worry about trying to get pregnant anymore, that stress is behind me now 
It started snowing. 
Debbie Anderson (TSA). 
Someone helped me fix my mouse. 
Sleeping in. 
spent time with kids and meg 
have wonderful bosses 
learned that I could go to Ottawa early and go see my sister for the week-end 
My vitamix 
My Parents 
Going on an adventure with Kenny to Waverley for dinner at the OP because Kylie told us to go north 
have everything I need inside my home. 
seft and his friendship 
found watch today 
my loving and supportive friends and the time they spend with me and their loving words towards me. 
Wearing my pants i took to the cleaners 
Friendly girl at the coffee shop 
lots of people I can hang out with 
have a stable job now and no longer have to worry about being able to pay my rent each month. 
my family 
A call from my agent. 
my sense of smell. 
so grateful that our electricity came back on mere seconds after it went out today. 
my children have a wonderful sense of humor. 
My family life has settled down for the holidays. 
got a couple nice compliments on my sweater. 
Had a great deep dive meeting today. 
Able to get expense report and some good work done from home 
Having a great call with Romke about business startups. 
good seat on plane 
A good friend was there for me 
my family and friends. 
Tenho paz em casa 
have a wonderful wife. 
1. 
Закончить пост для стартапэксперт 
filho 
mom and dad 
Lunchträffen, avspänt och kul. 
Hearing my younger brothers voice 
My wonderful, positive husband who never sees the glass half empty 
planned my studies to achieve optimum results in my examination 
My Unit that I live in 
Seeing JS happy about having tea all ready. 
Having great kidsBeing loved LovingNot being one of the crowdBeing freeBeing healthybeing employedHaving a roof over my headFamilyTerry 
Having fridays to myself 
Diesel shoes 
My family is everything to me. 
My husband takes care of me emotionally as well as physically. 
Partner went away for a few days, giving me peace and calm, not having to listen to her continual bullshit and whining crap. 
Family 
The first was the speech in the morning on being modest and humble at what ever level you are. 
My daugther was ill last weekend. 
people laughed at the comedy script i wrote 
very grateful that i have my mother who i can speak to at any time 
Estou muito grata por estar rodeada pelos meus familiares mais próximos 
the peace that i feel every day when i cook the dinner for me and my family. 
cleaned the bathroom tub! 
having a supportive family who was there for me and kept me secure growing up. 
Waking up with less pain than the day before 
Leigh said she'd miss me if I left. 
Creativity 
My family 
My husband 
Cleaning my desktop 
Nice sunrise in the morning combined with the cold ride to work. 
this beautifully sunny, autumn day, and to live in this gorgeous region of the earth, in a safe place to go ride my bike. 
Seeing my cat running about the house acting silly. 
What a shinny sunny day we had today! 
Talking to Rachel about getting together soon. 
Music 
fuck you 
Seeing my daughters smile in the morning 
Cuddling with Ryan 
Being free to be me, being able to express myself with out judgement. 
O meu namorado disse que me ama. 
nao estou sozinha 
my friends 
getting paid 
My kids 
woke up alive and healthy. 
Family and friends. 
nothing 
Students participated in the staff meeting activity. 
The staff I worked with over the wknd was very friendly and helpful. 
my son and the fine young man that he's turning into. 
Being listened to 
talking to an old friend 
The sunshine 
to have family and friends who really love me and value me for who I am, not for what they think I should/could be or for what I do. 
God, my faith has carried me through a lot, I just feel like I don't know when to act or realize its out of my hands 
my grandbabies r safe and taken care of, as well as my children 
haircut 
a women held the door for me 
my husband, Lee Roy 
my family 
paid all my bills with no problems, that made me feel relieved, its usually stressful 
the close bond we have with eachother 
my family, they bring so much happiness n my life 
Feeling rested after a good nights sleep. 
My kids and my husband, I love my family very much 
Feeling better. 
decided I might go to Spokane early to surprise my boyfriend. 
my kids 
WOKE UP ALIVE:) 
My dog smiling at me when I got home 
My husband made me dinner last night. 
Just yesterday I was stressing because I didn't put on any make-up and then remembered I had scheduled a meeting later that day. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my cats and how cuddly they are in the morning. 
can relax somewhat during the day so that i can communicate with friends on the computer 
woke up I guess 
I have been given a chance to be a good mother an grandmother. 
got the dining room and family room painted. 
I have a place to call home. 
my family 
we are on track to finish the bathroom 
my children. 
feel thankful that I have a close family that is always there for me. 
don't have to worry about paying bills because I live with my parents and they pay my bills for me while I am going to school. 
trying to be nicer to my dog, and he is listening to me much better than when I yelled at him all the time. 
the lord healing my daddy 
My husband and family 
feel that I am able to get some cleaning done around the house. 
I've talked to my parents twice this week already and connected with my dad over text for the first time. 
The dancing man video 
I have a nice home. 
the funny messages my friends send me throughout the day. 
slept in 
A great boss and co-workers 
family 
my family. 
the dog 
Lily this morning. 
my schedule allows me more time with Shane. 
don't have to worry about the emotional and verbal abuse I tolerated for too long from my ex. 
Played a game with my daughter and husband 
my gorgeous house. 
My cousins called me and we finally talked 
A wonderful mate. 
Being part of a family 
pets 
my kids 
People I work with 
Thankful I have a place to live 
The sun was shining 
Children 
Set up Home School for Mason 
was able to sleep through the night without getting up to go to the bathroom or have a stomach ache. 
My daughter lives with me 
don't have to worry about my next paycheck or losing my job 
My cats. 
My home. 
Happy the dishes were done last night. 
My friend came over yesterday and cheered me up.I had a laughInstalled skypeskyped with herwhen she is a second awaywhich is hilarious to me 
My daughter, she brightens my day everyday. 
family 
A sweet note and smiley face written in eyeliner on the bathroom mirror by my husband. 
Tatum 
Lindsey told me that i was really intelligent and that she would never forgive me if i did not pursue vet school because i would be wasting my time and talents. 
My Husband - he's so sweet & supportive. 
feel I can count on my family to love me. 
My breathing is a little better today. 
Ralph waling me up with a smile 
Grateful to be available 
Andrew telling me that rubbing his head when he felt sick was sweet of me. 
my mother is still with us. 
my kids 
My children and grandchildren. 
made a sale 
Begin diet conscious changes. 
Eddie and George still like to snuggle with me in the morning. 
got to see my two girls off to school this morning. 
internet back on 
a solid nights sleep. 
have a job 
my children! 
great ful that I was able to sleep till 5:30 this morning. 
my husband 
was when I snuggled up and played with my daughter 
Hearing some really nice music when I woke up. 
My family and friends 
to have a nice home that protects me from the elements and keeps me comfortable and warm. 
compliments 
Holding my tongue and walking away 
family 
My daughter, Lorelai 
First I'm grateful that my husband finally is working. 
To have a job that allows me to provide for my daughter and myself 
social networking groups so I can help others and be a part in a effort to grow my business 
Able to be free to do the things I want to do or need to do. 
My animals 
Everyone got off to school this morning without any issues. 
Melissa will always listen 
extremely grateful for my children, 
Tickling, cuddling, and laughing with Amelia. 
my wife rode her bike to the store to get some food an she is picking up my fave snack 
Once I got into work I saw the sun and it cheered me 
when my kids talked to me about how they are doing. 
good health. 
my family 
don't have to worry with my family 
I have a job. 
Getting my son ready for school! 
having a family of fellow jiu jitsu artists who all take responsibility for helping one another grow. 
no longer in a job that made me miserable. 
Inga turned up 
A friend of mine said that we should meet up. 
Working in the kitchen with Asha cooking. 
Tommy took the responsibility of moving our furniture and prepping for our carpet replacement. 
I did not have a panic attack at the dentist or my therapy session. 
a kiss goodbye from glen 
my team 
an opportunity to spend time with my grandparents. 
Josie she always wants to snuggle 
my husband. 
my grown children 
My husband picks up all my slack, is my biggest supporter, and is the yang to my yin. 
waking up knowing I could do anything with my day 
Co-worker made me laugh. 
My daughter didnt have school today, it was nice having her at home.. 
My Kids 
was able to improve on an old meal just by switching beef with bison, and everyone liked it more 
the kids are taking a good nap. 
the refurbished house and new items that we have. 
A contractor brought me a slice of pizza. 
waking up this morning and feeling pretty good. 
was sent a funny video about a porkupine 
My crush texted me, to let me know that he will meet me on saturday. 
was able to get up& get thing ready to go for my son's sergery this morning& was early to sign him in so the sergery was started sooner so i didn't have to waite as longto bring him home. 
my religion. 
Coffee 
Waking up and my boyfriend saying I love you to me. 
my daughter and my grandchildren. 
was waking up to another day thanking god for letting me wake up 
my boyfriend treats me like a real woman. 
Shayna called me into her room last night just to tell me she loved me. 
made it to work in plenty of time, looking good! 
a husband that understands me and loves me. 
Simple as it may be, just to have found my leather mittens this morning made me enjoy even more the cold walk to the subway this morning. 
Finally working in field I like and in which I can become a better person. 
My Kids. 
My daughters liked something I shared with them on FB and one said "I love you ,Mom" 
Doc 
my bee biz 
the sunshine and blue sky. 
having a roof over my head and a bed to sleep in. 
Talking to Mike 
my husband making coffee this morning. 
made myself a dirty chai latte at work, using real espresso from a machien that I figured out how to work. 
Luna snuggling 
MY FRIEND 
having a good job 
don't have to worry about being beat up. 
my kids 
My Yin Yoga instructor, Jill! 
my sister mindy who calls to check in on me. 
Waking up to the sun shining. 
Eric cleaned the apartment and did the laundry while I was away for work. 
1. 
Spending time with my husband before he went to work. 
healthy children 
being able to buy the leggings I needed for A Year with Frog and Toad. 
have reasonably good health, and a kitty who I love and a good man. 
had a meal with my family involving no arguments throughout 
Grateful for my mornings with my daughter today and lessons she teaches me 
my cat 
The commute to work wasn't bad this morning at all. 
Dylan got off to school with minimal fuss. 
Being able to lie abed and snooze for a couple hours this morning! 
can't afford to buy new clothes right now, but I managed to pull together a cute outfit using my same battered and bruised clothes I always wear and also managed to accent it nicely w/ my sister's scarf. 
feel thankful that I had one day without getting a call from my kid's school. 
made my family laugh at lunchtime which was cool. 
didn't have the headache I was expecting 
My Family 
b's amazing progress 
Had a cup of coffee 
My boyfriend makes me happy 
cuddling 
i was able to get a new furnace at a cost below i thought. 
my abusive father has passed and i no longer need to be afraid 
thing to brighten my day was a text from my husband. 
waking up 
A friend invited me a pizza when i was hungry. 
finished most of my homework at school. 
Jasmine tea 
homework - no stress about performing academically or getting good grades or measuring up to expectations in that area. 
To have someone to help me with the chores 
had a lovely evening with intelligent, interesting, beloved friends. 
Thanks for my mother support in this moments of stress and anxiety. 
the roof over my family's head. 
Smiling chilren 
Woke up and felt great 
The team actually had a staff meeting, and I was able to update everyone on my restructure plan. 
have no disabilities and I'm in good health. 
I got to do some of my Christmas decorating today. 
One thing that makes my life great is that I have the time to paint. 
Support from my family, which is my mom. 
When Jimmy asked me to lunch 
it was a sunny day. 
can manifest my creative ideas 
my children and the time I get to spend with them. 
noticed the way Ashton and Toddy were sitting that it looked like Ashton had a really long tail and had to take pic of it. 
Received free audiobooks from the state library 
Working with the Facilities Team. 
my husband waking me up with kisses and compliments every morning, and bringing me breakfast while I get ready. 
A phone call from my husband! 
to go to work at target and have people thankful for the work I do. 
My daughter 
being able to get out of bed..due to my illnesses. 
Two children came up to me and asked me if I was the one who did all the strawberries, so I said YES and the both told me that everything looked beautiful. 
To have my daughter together all for me only!!! 
xander 
Today I bought Matt a card to tell him how much I love him 
Coffee cake in the boardroom! 
my parents helping me with the boys so I can go back to school for my degree. 
The boys got themselves ready today! 
Snuggling with my son. 
medication for pain 
My husband 
My drive into work gives me the opportunity to reflect, pray and count the many blessings in my life. 
My day was brightened with music. 
to work from home 
my friends they mean the world to me they are from all over the place and i love them all dearly 
One thing that makes my life great is my close relationship with my niece. 
My sweet beautiful cats wanting my attention as soon as they realize I'm awake! 
very grateful for my children and my granddaughter. 
so thankful that Larry and I have been able to overcome our insecurities and move forward accordingly with planning our life together. 
Short commute 
life 
my son smiled at us a whole bunch this morning and i captured my first pic of it 
J. spent more time with the class:) 
a clean house 
- a significant other 
It was sunny outside. 
woke up with joseph 
The carpet came for Darrin's room. 
1. 
waking to a beautiful sunny day 
Getting comments on my pictures. 
i have such a supportive husband 
My dog 
My daughter called for our daily mom call 
My puppy kissing me 
um amigo me disse que me ama 
Making my own coffee in my own pot 
Had A Good Nights sleep 
Kim-Denise shared a funny quote on Facebook 
an understanding husband, who listens for hours on end as I try to solve everyones problems 
My Husband, for being a great loving, supporting partner, my best friend, and everything in between. 
realizing the genuine people i have in my life after buying the new cd for myself 
husband 
My beautiful child. 
The things Wendell does for me. 
was able to get an appointment at a great beauty salon and get a wonderful haircut, which made me feel better about myself. 
my dogs 
the chance to stay home with Gillian. 
woke up to the sun shining and cooked myself a good breakfast. 
Sharing a meal with my family. 
My beautiful girlfriend and our lovely animals. 
An abusive relationship, insecurity stemming from that, and the feeling of not being safe. 
we have an apartment 
got to see my Mum today 
I have a wonderful spouse 
Dinner 
Worked out at Curves. 
my kids 
the roof over my head. 
Buddy waking me up with a wagging tail and kisses too. 
Chatting with Becky and Grammy. 
We got to sleep in today. 
Thank you puppy for greeting me at the door when I came home today, like you do everyday, with face hugs and kisses. 
my best friend helping me study for the art history 2 exam I just aced. 
Being able to joke around with Nick during class 
Got cleaning done. 
Good housekeeping 
the death of a loved one. 
increadibly grateful for my husband's current stability. 
my patients were nice. 
I have a roof over my head. 
my best friend Kathryn. 
the love of God and my family. 
daughters great report card 
The first thing that made me happy today was getting up with my son, getting him ready for school and out the door to the bus. 
my best friend carolann got what i wanted and made me dinner 
Talking with my son. 
Having more energy this morning. 
have a warm place to sleep. 
having a famiky who supports me most of the times, even if Im not doing what they think it could be better for me 
The weather was much warmer than yesterday. 
Marna checks in on me without me even asking. 
hot running water 
Kyle bagged the leaves. 
The first sip of my coffee 
Didn't happen today, but yesterday, which was stressful as well, a friend sent a ridiculously funny amazon link. 
got a compliment on my sweater. 
my kids straightened up the house today. 
1. 
Riley got good grades in his report card and went to school early 
My cat was snuggling with me in bed when I woke up. 
a friend sending me something that made me laugh on Facebook. 
Bad relationships with some of my exes are gone. 
Paid my bills without procrastinating and I feel relieved. 
was able to purchase a beautiful leather journal today and write a poem while listening to an amazing song. 
my son. he is a special needs 10 year old boy that has changed and saved my life. he came at 23 weeks after my husband/his father died here in our home. 
being able to spend time with my older son dustin 
Tom helped me mail back the Lego toy and Lego is giving me a refund so I may purchase something else. 
I have a job. 
my husband and children 
Our stove not working. 
MY 2 SONS 
My wonderful husband 
A roof over my head 
mailed the bill 
so grateful for my husband. 
That God is with us. 
Every time I loose in a video game, I don't get mad about it. 
The one thing that makes my life great is that I have God with me. 
A few people opened the door for me when my hands were full. 
My daughter smiling at me when she said " Have a nice day" 
a very forgiving husband and kids 
was grateful for a calm day at work 
life. 
Having a roof over my head 
Got some laundry done 
was able to get to bed at a decent time. 
was glad that Mia wanted to sit on my lap for a while. 
not stressed about a crazy and unpredictable boyfriend. 
started participating on Twitter and a lot of people followed me, liking what I had to say. 
Dan went and got me Eggs Benedict for breakfast. 
Mike and I had a great start today. 
All of the things my husband does to help me relax and have less pain. 
My husband 
car slid on icy roadway but didn't crash 
my kids happy and smiling 
Getting Tristan's preschool photos - he's SO cute! 
the rare occasions when my kids tell me they love me and hug me. 
my meetings on Wednesday. 
saw my daughter today and the rest of my family. 
my sons recoverymy homethats God let me wake up this morning 
my co-worker who is funny & gives me good advice & who believes in me. 
my daughter went off to school and my husband went to work. 
my parents 
Family 
read many encouraging posts from FB about the third anniversary Bryant's passing. 
My supervisor telling me I was doing really good on my calls 
My beautiful 2 year old daughter. 
My cats are always there to cheer me up and make me happy. 
first thing I'm grateful for my family. 
Seeing Amanda back at work, because her presence is just so comforting like...a warm, home feeling. 
the beautiful weather we are having this time of year 
The first thing that brightened my day was talking to Kris about our relationship and the direction I hoped it would go. 
Had a good day with the kids. 
my beautiful children 
Seeing Alice smile. 
most grateful for God, my beautiful children and my wonderful Mama. 
A friend reached out to say "hello" and enquired how the birthday week was coming along. 
did not forget the deviled eggs for the potluck. 
Robert calling me. 
I completed all of my grading. 
me things I enjoy doing. 
People at work were smiling and friendly when arrived after a rough morning. 
Thankful my husband loves me 
nice boss 
Wendy came back to work after her sister's passing. 
have a job, even though I may not enjoy it. 
My professor said that I had a really good idea and was supportive that I should hand draw my final presentation. 
was able to check off 2 items on my list of things to do 
got to interact with kittens. 
my dogs. 
my salvation, family, and friends 
My coworker helped me solve a problem. 
No pain 
Being able to be myself around my colleagues 
Got a 100 on my AA paper 
My daughter and granndaughter 
woke up at a good time, early and in a good mood. 
being with my grandchildren as as much as I want 
got to put in a job application and found out they were going to hire a lot of people soon 
My car didn't break down 
My 19 yr old son, who is away for IT training in the army, called and talked to me for more than 20 minutes. 
my children is what im grateful for 
Lindsey is silly in a really good way. 
to be a mother. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up by kisses on my face from my children. 
my kids helped cook dinner 
My FaithMy FamilyLooking forward to seeing my son in Heaven. 
K had a great session 
almost finished my financial aid application today. 
my sister and brother & their families supporting me and taking care of me when I couldn't take care of myself. 
able to express what Im passionate about 
Friends who are thankful for something I did 
having everything at home I need to live well. 
when i made the perfect pancake mixture very quickly and the first pancake that i cooked was beautiful 
Leah's face 
My home didn't smell like mothballs when I got home 
Definitely being out of relationships where I'm not being cheated on (hopefully) 
Grateful for the ability to let go and let G-d take over- whether it's releasing my emotional control, helping me to redirect negative thinking, or helping me to remember to appreciate that I can always trust G-d, I am grateful to know G-d is there for me 
Possible job opportunity! 
EJ had a good day. 
Katrina enjoyed my FB status. 
having great friends i can talk to and hang out with 
My paycheck! 
a caring husband 
i have a delicious breakfast today 
The first thing that was pleasant today was being able to focus on my step work. 
Sleeping in on my first day home from work. 
Kristin didn't scold me 
Insurance coverage 
have a loving Husband and Family and friends 
meeting a man and talking with him at the pool 
Having good friends 
The state of my living accomodation 
Ash put a flower in my hair, it took me back to when we first used to be together and it was all wonderful. 
My Sister 
My colleague, also as a co - supervisor came and shared with me about what he felt about me, what was wrong in my behaviors, and what I should do to move on. 
My heated blanket and my heater made me feel warm and cozy. 
my family and for seing my children grow up and start their own path 
Annie 
got approval for my project 
Finding my family safe and happy on returning from somewhere 
Having a mum and dad that are around 
my happiness 
Husband and home 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up next to someone very special, after falling asleep in his arms the night before. 
Natalie helped me with my tutorial questions 
Love in all its forms. 
really grateful that my roommates are willing to give me rides everywhere. 
That my family is always there for me 
Recognition 
My brother asked me what i want i bought me best icecream in the store. 
sammy 
1. 
i have mum,father and sister who lives with me and i with them which likes me,care about me ,give me love always,especially when im down,they are always my support, and i give them my love in return. 
x 
to have a close friend that "gets me." 
the warm, comfortable space I get to call my own. 
so blessed with my two kids Andy and Alex, very good looking kids!! 
I found a fun exercise video on youtube that got me moving and boosted my spirits. 
don't have to worry about my husband being ill. 
Chantal like my workBoris wrote me a letterNádia husband realy like my work 
My upbringing 
Apartment - Despite the cost, I have managed to secure a studio apartment, which not only did I want, but discovered today that I am the 1% of 20-year olds' who have a washer/dryer within their building. 
Afonso 
Being alive and healthy makes my life great 
the new Clif bar I tried. 
Seeing my kitties this morning when I woke up. 
1. 
My family 
my mom called me 
Having a great relationship with my children 
coming home to two of my favorites - Garrett and Layla and being greeted with lots of love. 
to have a place to live, that I can actually call my own; after 5.5 years of couch surfing. 
my wonderful boyfriend, who helps me out whenever he can and always makes me laugh. 
don't have to worry about being stuck in a bad relationship anymore. 
The First thing that brightened my day was when I woke up in the morning relaxed and I got to see the beautiful Sun Rise. 
Great kids 
was able to get out of bed 
Nathan came to freelance today. 
My very close friends from undergraduate still keep in touch with me. 
my mom sent me flowers. 
got our travel plans laid out 
This past weekend I have gotten farther with my goal of finishing the book for my book club. 
my kids are helping out some at home. 
That my husband and I are getting to speed more time together. 
Waking up refreshed and taking my medicine and deciding to leave the house 
a clean house to come home to. 
My husband is happy to see my face every morning when we wake up. 
Healthy- my husband and I, and our families, have no major illnesses to worry about at present. 
Love: Great family, great, hardworking and appreciative husband, beautiful friends. 
My daughter is going to wash the dishes. 
pain 
being alive waking up seeing my sister smileSeeing Cody. 
ouvir musica no carro a caminho do trabalho 
I do not have to worry about living day to day. 
Thankful for Mario's advice 
my amazing, wonderful, loving, and caring Husband. 
Grateful for the phone call from Emily that started my day. 
don't have to worry about getting the girls through college. 
comfy bed and good book! 
Have a place to stayHealth 
When I cleared my desk and top of the filing cabinet I felt like it was going to be a good day. 
My planners seem to respect and appreciate me 
My husband always listens to me share my feelings and is so accepting and loving. 
was on time 
Received my paycheck for October 
Watching TV with Daniel 
Matt got in touch 
My boss complimented me on my patience with customers. 
jack was finally able to get a dr appt 
Finding someone who loves me for who I am. 
got to cuddle with Jesse in the morning because he didn't have to get up and leave early as he usually does! 
got a same day appointment with doctor to manage my back pain. 
My son drove home and arrived safely. 
slept late 
Dyed my hair the red that i wanted. 
seeing my therapist 
food 
My wife's good cooking. 
My husband. 
my body was able to recover from food poisoning tonight. 
Completed all math homework assignments with 100% 
Having a lengthy conversation with a new friend. 
My coworkers care about my well being. 
loading the dishwasher, Christian washed the remaining dishes on his own. 
Half day SDO 
Kristen has been a loving supportive friend for 10 years and still always makes sure i know shes there and loves me. 
Chatted with cigarette granny in elevator 
received assistance with my car 
now on day shift 
1. 
I have children who do not give me a lot of problems so I do not have a lot to do when I get home. 
I was able to finish all of the homework that I had planned for today. 
Deciding to stop using a food product. 
Knowing Gavin was happy about learning 
being with frnds 
The nurse at the vet's was very nice and even cut my cats front claws for free. 
The first thing that brightened my day is when I get up early and have more time to prepare going to work. 
somehow my children love me even though I can be a mommy monster at times. 
Thankful I was blessed with another dayJust waking up each day I am thankful for 
Back problems 
have an supportive spouse 
Matt made me feel calm and cheered me up before our nexus interview when I was freaking out that I didn't have our marriage license. 
the time I get with my mom.... Living 6 miles from her talking daily... 
Everything about it!That is great,right? 
my family because they have consistently been there for me whether they wanted to or not, they have been the foundation for all my adventures and experiences I have had, I know I can count on them 
My children 
My sisters amazing cooking, It is a complete luxury to have amazing things cooked for me every week and to come home with dinner ready. 
Snuggling with my boyfriend always makes me feel loved, happy and safe. 
Claudia invited me to join Happify 
my happiest moments with my family 
extremely grateful for my aunt for talking to me and allowing me to have someone to confide in while I am going through a difficult and stressful time. 
manage to get the police report done 
Having a jobBeing in the industry I loveElena making me laugh 
closer to my family than most teenagers 
A friend supported me and boost my confidence on my idea of having a social enterprise 
Having a clean and safe living space 
don't have to worry about my past relationship with Corinne and have not had to for a very long time. 
Both my roommates are coming back from holiday tomorrow so I cleaned the whole apartment. 
Friends 
Mum is wonderful 
watching THE SACHIN TENDULKAR PLAYING HIS LAST 200 TH TEST AND SCORING 78 RUNS. 
Had a lie in after a good night's sleep 
got to work on time 
Healthy, delicious homemade dinner with Mel. 
the time that I get to spend with my Grandchildren 
Venkat and his love. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing all my fellow classmates happy as we graduated the end of year 12 and started our new journey in the world 
seeing my son smile when he wakes up in the morning is the most refreshing and energizing thing that happens to me every day. 
Sean 
My husband packed my lunch and gave me breakfast 
Bright future ahead with Paul. 
Seeing the big smile on my son's face when I went into his room this morning. 
I get along so well with one of my co-workers at work and she makes me feel less alone. 
saving my pictures to a flash drive, i found myself to be beautiful 
A friend of mine texted me to share something quite personal with me. 
probably going to finish the texture on the ceiling today. 
A bad relationship is definitely behind me. 
got the laundry done 
Stephen made me laugh this morning 
enjoy cooking dinner and being home with them. 
MY FRIEND SHARED ALL THE STATE AND NATIONAL LEVEL EXPERIENCES THAT MADE ME ENJOY SOO MUCH.THAT GAVE ME AN INSPIRATION TO WORK HARD N GET A MEDAL AT NATIONAL LEVEL I SKATING...!!!! 
my children sleep through the night. 
Grateful for my pets 
Having a loving and caring husband who supports me! 
My childres 
my children 
ver o abraço que o meu filho deu ao pai 
my own bed 
have an amazing, understanding husband. 
Monika text out of the blue (for a work day) to see how I am and to say she wants to spend quality time with me this weekend. 
Hug from M. 
my husband. 
No work to do, very low stress day. 
a long term marriage with wonderful kids. 
my health and my friends 
started the non-shampoo 'diet'. 
getting a positive note from a friendcomplimented on how well i am doing under difficult circumstances 
Sleeping in and snuggling with my cats in bed. 
bought a friend an unexpected present 
The ability to make my own choices. 
my Home. 
It was so sweet when he bought me a Winnie the Pooh card saying that we will get through this together. 
my fantastic house that keeps me cozy. 
A healthy spouse. 
Got out for a cycle 
to have a job. 
Driving to the fish store. 
The first thing that brightnedup my day was when my twin girls ran and hugged me when i collected them from nursery. 
A kind text from Richard 
have 2 amazing kids. 
my eyesight 
taking a hot bath and reading in the tub 
The Juncos were flitting around the bird feeder right outside my office window. 
Walking Kenna up to school and her holding my hand 
really nice interaction with Charity 
Having an adorable niece 
Spoke to an old friend for a quite long time 
Today I found Tiny Buddha.com 
bought a home last year so I don't have to worry about moving :) 
Grateful for my mom buying me a phone, although its not the phone I wanted, she stepped up to the plate, got involved and took care of me again. 
when i was homeless in storudsburg 
woke up this morning. 
ownership 
i have an adorable daughter 
saw a good film that talked about intimacy in family.Then I had my daughter come home seeing her innocent sweet face at once my spirit lifted. 
pneumonia of daughtera quarrelsome man 
my tm teacher 
The first thing I'm grateful for is having the opportunity to become a mom to my two awesome sons. 
Going rock climbing with samm, determined to get over my fear of heights 
Lasagna for dinner. 
Warm clear sunny day 
was told in Spanish class that I am kind, helpful, and always happy. 
my beautiful wife and when she smiles and is happy and not stressed and fully understands why I am here doing my job as a divine minister and reverend and I am grateful my mother is changing her ways trying too anyways. 
spoke to someone 
My family 
Time spent with my Mom 
Talking with my friend Claudia 
my life because of all the people in it. 
Support from my husbandThe way he does all the work and handles all situation nicely. 
my wife 
the first thing is that i got my commission .. 
Your dance was Really good.Thank you. 
spending time with my newphews 
Finally had one on one with Laura. 
ter uma casa confortáv 
não tenho um relacionamento doente 
Estou grata pela minha relação com o ricardo 
The first thing that brightened my day was finding Happify. 
My dad called to ask how I was 
going out at the concert this Saturday night 
*college - no more sleepless nights and huge stress with the all those deadlines 
Joanna. 
J is not pressuring me to get when I'm not in the mood. 
having an incredible group of support. 
Meagan and Thanksgiving. 
made great bacon jalapeño cheese bread. 
Having my son hop in my bed with me this morning to visit before he went downstairs. 
Husband not complaining for car broken 
so grateful that Jesus is head of our household, and therefore even in the midst of conflict, my husband and I can rest in the Hope of Christ's redeeming power to heal and restore the parts of our marriage and individual lives that have caused hurt or damage. 
1. 
went for a walk with my friend Lindsay 
My husband is always there to help and support me. 
can catch a bus to Kohl's to use my 30% off coupon 
started the visualizations Watched PBS instead of politicsDecided not to eat as much sugar 
just having this job because it pays the bills 
Waking up at 9am easily, going to the bookshop and being directed really enthusiastically to a certain section by the lovely lady. 
waking up every single day to a beautiful home with a beautiful family. 
Grateful for my children supporting me through an emotional upheaval 
my coworkers 
I have a home of my own. 
Invasive parents are honoring the boundaries that make work-life more pleasant.The efforts that are being made on behalf of the children are celebrated and appreciated by everyone. 
found "my own way" in the world without a husband. 
My Daughter Learning to Drive, getting her drivers license and driving on the freeways to go see my 103 year old grandmother. 
Yesterday I made a big pot of home made chicken-rice &vegie soup and shared it with other people where I live. 
that time and the end of the day when I relax and watch TV with my family 
My son and my daughter. 
Really lovely afternoons with friends Ralph and Michelle. 
Eating Food 
I was able to take time off from work this week to take care of myself and get some rest from the chaos. 
How much Amanda and I laughed on Friday 
my family 
good conversation with Itamar 
How my family really wants me to be happy and help me in any way they can for this to happen 
nice weather 
friends and family. 
My friends make my life great.They believe in me, care for me and encourage me. 
living in canada I can speak english im attractive and im doing my masters degree 
eu sou muito grata pela minha família, minha mãe, pai, irmãos e meu marido maravilhoso. 
Sarah quietly and calmly did the dishes while listening to an audiobook and when she was done she washed out the sink and wiped down the counter. 
A difficult friend noting my post 
was grateful for the time I got to spend at lunch with the team. 
have two kids and Kim and my parents who love me. 
the nice weather 
Eck did the dishes 
Ben feeling better 
Loving family 
Chelsea said i did a good job on the 7-11 Preso, it showed that even though she didn't guide me too much I know what I should be doing. 
having a job 
made a poetry exhibit and directed an artistic performance with people I like 
My next door neighbors have been very kind to me and watch out for me and my son in little, but meaningful ways. 
Living all together with all family member happily 
Estou grato pela torrada que o meu pai me fez. 
Rain 
Played piano for the first time in a long long time. 
My Peco bill was only $124 and that's pretty good for November. 
Speaking to Melissa. 
walking lucy 
早上终于在八点起了床，感觉没有那么颓废了 
living under a roof and a place to sleep every night. 
Dinner with Mariah @ Carlyle Grand -- delicious. 
getting done all the crafts today. 
Ian - diabetes I coped by just doing what had to be done and learning all I can and making the best of a bad situation. 
1. 
My daughter told me my eyes looked beautiful. 
The Sun 
The sun was bright and weather was still. 
Was able to complete my household cleaning chores I started today, today. 
warm log fire - not having to worry about the amount of wood I use. 
Heather brought me coffee. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up to my beautiful girlfriend. 
1. 
Wake up late this morning and reading for a few hours. 
chatting to friend 
Reconnected with Suzanne. 
Friend messaged me to take me out for my birthday on Friday 
Alive. 
Loving partner 
Carly Simon CD #3 
Chat with Mo - for it being with Mo and for it being about the table and shelves he'll create for me from wood I found on the street 
WJ alleen in Ned die de telefoon niet opneemt of suicidaal is. 
Having a day off to relax and enjoy my family. 
the ocean 
our dinners together, when my husband and my son share with me their experiences during their days. 
My life isn't great, sorry. 
the beautiful woodwork 
the conversations I have with my mum. 
Seeing a guy that I used to like, you know when a fit guy is too fit and makes you nervous even though you know you wouldn't want to be with a guy like that. 
my parents, that they love me unconditionally 
Children ate dinner nicely 
1. 
managed to clean the bathroom in 20 minutes. 
passear com o meu marido e a ha filha 
sabrena called and she had good scores at her show that she credited me with 
to have a family at home. 
don't have to worry about getting a ride to work for the time being, because I have my own car. 
Dance 
The sun was out. 
musical show at library 
the nice flat I live in. 
A favourite television show I was watching 
a journalist agreed to meet next week (in order for me to get advice) 
got my laundry done. 
my supportive friends and family. 
A total stranger took time out of their day to make sure I was feeling well, and to talk my problems through with me. 
talking to raquel and yury after two years. 
The Seahawks kicked ass today. 
my Mom: the blessing of being close to her after years away. 
not in an emotionally/mentally abusive relationship. 
Waking up next to Aaron 
Making love to my husband 
My coffee and fruit toast for breakfast 
slept pretty well, & woke up feeling more refreshed than usual 
Denise wanted to set up another time to meet and we did. 
a deep and meaningful path that leads to a better world, and I am sincere about it. 
My family makes my life great. 
Katie called me about the weird thing that happened to her on Facebook - it was hilarious. 
had enough work to keep me busy throughout the morning so I didn't get bored. 
Trying to reconcile an irrational faith with my observations of the world. 
Feeling good in the bedroom 
Kids LuxuriesSafety 
My boyfriend took me out for an excellent brunch. 
My uncle took it upon himself to cook while I was cleaning and I was entirely grateful and filled with love because he did it without even being asked and that showed love to me and my family 
truly enjoyed and didn't feel weird about hanging out with Adam, Corey, and Amanda all day, and then going to the store with just Adam. 
Having a paid job even if it's not permanent. 
applied for unemployment benefits. 
Having a boyfriend to help provide a home 
Marianne came over yesterday and spent time with me. 
can breathe. 
Friend called me for advice. 
I've recently taken up painting and drawing for fun. 
went to the gym and danced then had a lovely shower a great start to my day 
my families love 
Cory came down and helped me get my house picked up. 
to travel and I'm not afraid to do it alone. 
my aunt and uncle, for being there to listen to my problems when I really needed it. 
Katie asked me if I was ok 
My car! 
my amazing and supportive girlfriend who encourages me to be more emotionally healthy and happy (she gave me this site). 
Spending time with Patrick 
Yesterday I found out that I woman I had spoken with the day before is got help. 
Laying in bed watching a good movie with my daughters. 
my football picks were pretty good this weekend. 
did my housework 
can read my love books in my spare time. 
Going to church with mom. 
I have met great people and they have gave me love as I did. 
had such a lovely morning, taking the time to doing a couple of chores before heading off to work, feeling well organised and in control. 
got to sleep in today! 
The people I have. 
another day that God has given me. 
was able to get BK the connectors he needed to finish his task 
feel Good When someone meet me with some great idea about upliftment of the vulnerable section of the society. 
feel grateful that my friends came to celebrate my birthday yesterday 
Greatful that me and friends had nice dinner 
My family standing by my side through this break up 
1. 
Conf call avec les toubibs 
the green trees outside our windows. 
stay alive 
We were together. 
Grateful to have a home in a safe, comfortable neighborhood 
My husband made me coffee. 
Well, when I was much younger, I saw this couch in an antique shop that I just had to have. 
Mounia's visit. 
My kids bs how their contagious energy uplift everything 
relaxed 10 min in the sofá this morning before going to work. 
A friend who is always there for you despite of his/her hectic schedule. 
Massage yesterday 
my seems to feel better today 
My mom's thoughtfulness and sincere concern, appreciation and love. 
my best friend from HS stopped by on his way back out of town to say hello.Especially since I hadn't seen him in the last 10 years or more! 
My home, having a comfortable, warm roof over my head. 
my husband who helps a great deal with housework and raising our daughter. 
1. 
meine verlobte 
being able to open my eyes 
Finding the beach huts on the shore at Wrabness 
Having more "space" 
My son brightened my day by jumping into bed with me & wanting a cuddle 
I am able to send the kids to school in the morning. 
my puppies 
Wished my sis a very happy b'day. 
My loving wife 
Parents stick together 
the sunlight 
so grateful for my amazing husband and kids. 
It was sunny out 
tea time with colleagues 
Terri and our home...it is a place of security and comfort when I am out in the City Life...the only place I know that takes away the stress is to be in our home, in the kitchen cooking or just enjoying quiet of our place 
My meeting with Gulru and how empathatic and warm she was. 
Waking Early , going for a walk and doing some Gym before work I went for a walk and did some weights 
The sunshine that came in through my window this morning. 
Able to take care of my mom's dog when she's on vacation. 
Brunch at the Rosso with my co-hubbers. 
1. 
Technology melt down on a photo shoot: we'll people around me were freaking out, I remained calm and focused on the mantra "we'll figure this out." 
My life is great because I am great. 
My friend Neisha sent me a really cute msg and told me that I was a great friend:) 
Thinking of my kids and how much I love them. 
Got my gutters cleaned 
we were able to have nice meal together. 
Walking into my children's room this morning and seeing them sleeping peacefully. 
had a good meal 
Got the chance to cook fun and healthy dishes. 
The colour of the sun when i swam at the lido 
My amazing best friend, she always has my best interests at heart and is always there to talk to. 
Going to a school i despised - i am now at duffs with people i like and have lovely friends, the week is no longer dreaded but exciting to see everyone and learn about subjects i enjoy 
so grateful about my husband! 
feel blessed to be surrounded by people that love me and encourage me to be better. 
Waking up next to Adam 
Grateful to back on a better understanding and connection with my friend 
1. 
My amazing girlfriend who is being very supportive of me in this tough time 
the love shown to me by my family 
Spending the day with Lauren and making dinner with her. 
to have my loving mom so close by. 
NTV AM in the morning 
Bella Luna Tuna loves me every day 
3 great sons that are smart, fun and loving guys. 
to be employed by my employer. 
got to take a 30-minute nap during lunch, and I woke up feeling a bit more refreshed than I was before. 
my 2 beautiful and lovely children and how bright and beautiful they both are and how much I love them and the joy they bring into my life 
Today is a beautiful day, and I don't feel guilty for taking it for myself. 
Having a job 
Thanks to my new alarm clock and the new sleeping habit I am trying to build, I was able to wake-up early and well rested. 
learned that even specific, concrete details are a gateway to ambiguity and interpretation. 
Being a smart and compassionate person who cares about other people, living things, issues and tries to live my values. 
my childhood friend Lori who is always positive and supportive no matter what. 
my loving dog and smiling kids 
to spend the weekend with Lawrence. 
Helping a client view their behaviour differently. 
having a nice morning. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up early and going to spin class. 
Seeing my babies this morning 
got an excellent grade in my college homework and be congradulated by my teacher. 
can watch good movies. 
No more conflict at work. 
Glad I played with the kids at the birthday party and then stopped at friends. 
The first thing that brightened my day was while cooking breakfast I was listening to music. 
The excitement of forming my team to self-provide while creating a culture that strives to learn coding and grow in the tech field. 
Getting to go to work. 
my health 
The first thing that brightened my day was Luke texting me instead of Facebooking me or waiting to hear from me. 
1. 
no longer have to worry about finding a partner to share my life with. 
A great appointment today 
The first thing that brightened my day was a smiling picture of my baby sent to me by my husband. 
mnmjnkjnkn 
Jim's letters 
Chris does such a good job cleaning up after me and maintaining the kitchen. 
Conquering my spanish presentation. 
The lovely cup of coffee my husband made for me 
Kai was more relaxed this morning and was patient while waiting to be fed. 
a happy and healthy relationship with a wonderful man that shares the same interests as I do and respects me as a person and supports me emotionally and mentally. 
Working on my Degree Plan for my B.A. I am trying to figure out what courses will be most important for when I go on for my M.A. and PhD (which for the first time ever I feel that I am very capable of achieving). 
pumping of husband when I was not feeling well: he went to drug store for supples 
millie 
the opportunity to be able to go to school and learn. 
to have friends that will walk to come pick me up at 3am from the bus stop. 
Ursula's kind offer to run some things offsite for me. 
Johanna and I got to have a personal conversation at work. 
my family is healthy. 
An LinkedIn Inmail from Andrew Coates on my 11 year anniversary at WWA 
Grateful that my family still care enough to talk to me about this, and want me to be happy. 
My husband kissing me before leaving work. 
and cleaning 
A roof over my head electricity warmth 
My children brighten my day. 
Open communication with Greg 
completed some chores 
decided to be calm even though the morning started out roughly. 
Agradeço por ter uma mãe que se preocupa e gosta de mim 
- She gets up every morning for coffee and carries me to bed with a cookie, and you say: Happy day my love, thank to God for this new day! 
Esme is back in Nottingham and texted me to say so. 
Moose, my neurotic dog, who remained calm for (almost) my whole day of working at home. 
Getting my tennis reservation 
to have been able to go skiing with Caden and really enjoy myself. 
Travelling with friends, going to any awesome place. 
Ryan was in a really good mood this morning 
Support from my mom in any issue I might have. 
the EDM mail at work to turn out right. 
Waking up to see my husband smiling and kissing me. 
A stranger said "God bless you" to me. 
How pleased my daughter was to have her dad come along to her orientation at school. 
started thinking about looking for something better for the future. 
The farm, whether or not/when we would be told we have to leave. 
bb 
invited to go to hotsprings tomorrow with friends 
The beanbag was a nice place to sit, for a while. 
Looking after children 
My walk with Courtney was phenomenal. 
woke up to a truly gorgeous summer's day. 
Mariah wanted to hear what I had to say about her new relationship. 
1 
the gift of freedom at my home. 
Having the money I need to fix my car, and knowing it will be completely fixed. 
enjoyed making a tasty tomato tortellini soup for my dinner. 
Thankful that my mom has been a daily source of support as I cope with this chronic illness.I am grateful to have a safe comfortable and quiet place to recover my health.I appreciate all the financial help I have received from my family while I have been sick. 
My boss gave me genuine encouragement today when she could tell that I was feeling fearful and overwhelmed by a task. 
got to spend the first part of it in bed in my PJs. 
https://s3.amazonaws.com/happify-marty-prod-user-uploads/c21a452e903a22e2c3dc02bcdaa86aeae8a43350 
eat 
having time to unwind & decompress in front of the TV today w/ Dimitri. 
gave my friend his birthday present, and he was very happy. 
It is a beautiful, sunny, chilly winter day. 
my mom and coffee 
Knowing that I was going to training.... 
My friend coming over to visit. 
The sunshine 
have amazing people in my life who truly care for me and support me unconditionally. 
it was my first day of fitness. 
woke up organized for the next day. 
listened to music and sang in my living room as if I was having a performance. 
Had Jacob and Matthew over today for Jack. 
have a friend that I can contact everyday and talk about stuff that is bothering me. 
Travelling. 
Having a beautiful house. 
my parents because they are always there for me making my life a little easier. 
having a job that allows me to have vacation when I want and at the same time run my small business. 
slept much more that usual and I woke up with the sound of rain pouring outside. 
My husband made delicious cakes. 
having time enough to practice sports. 
Last Saturday was a beautiful day with bright sunshine and I spent the day with my husband in my garden. 
make my home clear 
figured out conference call.com 
knew I had a interesting new contract to sign 
Told more people I was going 
Waking up to my loving dogs 
Eu fiz as pazes com dois colegas de trabalho que haviam brigado comigo. 
phone from Maria 
Kelli and her emotional support when I am upset. 
How I had the strength to tell Tessa no. 
much better at trusting the money will come in and that things will work out 
went to chapel and praising God with other believers 
The refund from Pottery Barn! 
Time to focus 
My baby son! 
I have a job. 
wrote several very good acknowledgement letters. 
My family and I woke up to a healthy start. 
Waking up to a text from my cousin telling me she'd had a dream (premonition?!) about a future in which I was very happy with two lovely children. 
probably the sun that could be seen behind the church 
Heat in the shower 
really beautiful, and i have this from my God from my lord from my every thing (and show me the difrens between selfishness and gracefulness ) 
Grateful that lilo was available to hang out. 
reading books to my son at bedtime 
helped a my best friend! 
knowing i have good solid friends 
He cooked dinner on Sunday 
Today I was grateful that Max came to me for consolation even though he was frustrated. 
I saw a woman wearing a long-sleeve T under a short-sleeve tshirt. 
getting a lot of paperwork done. 
My family 
The thought of a possibility for spirituality. 
live in a comfortable house with my own bathroom, room, and enough disposable income to buy things I want within a reasonable amount. 
Jag gjorde klart en skoluppgift i tid 
had food in the fridge made for me, and I have a loving cousin who was willing to share. 
it was a smooth day where I didn't yell at my kids. 
the sun was out today so Vincent and I could go to the park together. 
sold two Engines 
family 
Not having trouble sleeping and being able to sleep till 6 
feel grateful for new relationship and the devotedness we both have in making it work and making each other happy. 
Eu ja tinha feito minha caminhada entao no fim do dia estava com dever cumprido 
sucesso, reconhecimento no trabalho, qdo cliente gosta e elogia 
Financial freedom and disposable income 
Completing a couple of outstanding jobs around the house. 
my boyfriend. 
very grateful that one of my good friends stopped through town on Sunday and made the time to hang out with me for several hours. 
Joshua is kind and loving, 
gtdxhn 
I was able to wake up next to my boyfriend 
share information with my kids 
have a good perspective on things. 
A good workout 
Steve Nichols accepted a role on the Fort Collins Chamber - this was very exciting 
was taking lunch to Julie and short on time, found a parking spot right in front of Panera, that saved me a lot of time. 
Meeting Adrian and having an amazing man come into my life that accepts my worst flaws 
When Tai woke me up by wrapping his arms around me. 
my kids woke up and were able to have food in their bellies when they left for school 
Two friends shared some funny stories of their recent outing. 
having the home that I do. 
watching my son interact with his bew puppy how loving and caring he can be 
to have a job that allows me to have a significant amount of free time while helping others during the time that I do work. 
My lawyer helped me. 
My dog zooty....I love to winked up to him He is unconditional inhis love! 
Breakfast was made for me 
my boss asked if she could clone me today because I was a great worker. 
my x boyfriend is willing to give me the master bedroom and that he is taking the two rooms on the right. 
don't have to worry about money until after the new year and when I get back from my road trip for Christmas. 
my family 
Having autonomy makes my life great. 
Donna gave me baked ziti 
1. 
got the caught up today. 
Got myself a great onesie that's kept me warm and cosy all day! 
just wrote a fun rhyming review on a new indie rap artist who grew up in Detroit, after learning about Metalstep and making a cool/scary/funny picture about it. 
getting up this morning with less back pain then the day before. 
family reunion 
there was not a lot of traffic 
The first thing that brightened my day today was getting to work and knowing a co worker felt the same way i did and that made me feel less alone. 
Gardening 
Spending Thanksgiving with my family. 
1. 
my daughter 
the Happify app is now in the App Store. 
my car it rocks 
1. 
left later so didn't have to sit in traffic at the border. 
Had a fruitful and objective discussion with my direct report as part of the annual performance review. 
Listening to a good song during a 2 mile bike ride. 
completed Junior Achievement by myself, successfully 
my husband very much So i am greatful to god that he gave me such a wonderful husband.I when I see that he cares for me .i 
got to show my cousin the dress I designed for her and I guess she liked it, it reminded me that i can still have hopes about getting better at it. 
so grateful and happy to have an older sister, if it wasn't for her I would not be the person i am right now. 
could just leave home in the morning to where I had plan without any worries or problem. 
It was hard to make a decision when I had to move from country to country, I didn't know if i am making the right choice, but i had nothing to have hopes over or even care about in that place anymore, I thought i experienced and picked what I needed and now I am not welcomed no more, I would never want to stay somewhere in that way. 
Matt and a run with him and Andy 
early morning jogging with friend 
want to thank Jesus for keeping alive and my registration problem is getting solved :) 
The people I work for. 
Having time to do this exercise while sipping coffe this morning and not feeling rushed 
Daughter still needs me in her life 
Oggi ho fatto ridere un po' mia mamma, soprattutto non l'ho fatta arrabbiare 
My children's health 
One thing that makes my life great - happy family, Mary Lou & Marian. 
live in a beautiful and peaceful home. 
beautiful sunny day...when I got up the sun was shining and it is a cool crisp day. 
finding this site 
my partner and his wonderful sense of humor along with his nurturing care while I am recovering from surgery. 
to have people in my life who care about me and check in on me from time to time. 
my husband Jerry who picks up the load when I'm feeling overwhelmed. 
Seein Cita this morning 
the strong women and wounded men in my family and for the lessons they teach me. 
my medicine has started to kick in and i am thankful i am starting to feel a lot better 
my family. 
Breakfast ready in the morning 
Making a standing workstation at work. 
my kids. 
met some one somewhat special and went for a ride. 
The big meeting went well and identified who was leading the project which won't be me. 
The dishwasher worked properly so I don't need to re-wash everything by hand! 
I found an honorable man that treats me with respect. 
live in a beautiful house that I love. 
My husband got a vasectomy so I don't have to worry about getting pregnant. 
my iPad - without it I would feel very isolated and bored. 
was grateful yesterday to spend the evening with my daughter, my boyfriend, and my dog. 
nobody I know died, got sick, or got injured today (to my knowledge). 
my boyfriend. 
My boyfriend finally got a job since we moved out to California!! It's going to be so nice to not have to cover all of the expenses. 
It's been fun driving my new car to work. 
Having a job 
saw Dave Today. he is always a positive re-enforcement in my work life 
waking up with him 
Seeing Danielle's face when eating in the Marimekko restaurant. 
believe in God and that no matter what happens he will be there for me 
Howard is cooperating with finances 
finance dying - put my life back togethermy first baby dying - went on to have 2 healthy childrenbreast cancer at 26 - optimisic attitue 
got a good parking place 
My dad died 
Having quiet time to get a lot done 
Death of finance 
My sister went with me to funeral yesterday 
Having Breast Cancer 
enjoyed Safe Start with Stephanie 
Howard not farming 
Having Friday off from work 
Nice home 
My son said he loved me. 
1. 
Having great caring respectful parents 
A friendly person on the phone 
No one in my family is sick or dying - I can relax and enjoy the current times we have rather than worrying about what could happen. 
Seeing Nina 
MY life 
My family and friends! 
Their empathy 
far less paperwork in this job than previous 
Levantarme y sentir la quietud y la harmonía en la naturaleza, un nuevo día por comenzar, un día lleno de sorpresas, retos, pero sobre todo con muchas ganas de vivir. 
Kerry was off today. 
Susan checked in on me 
food 
Had the guts to do smthg I'd been putting off 
Courtney for his kindness and support. 
Coffee 
My familyMy houseMy Dog to beMy friends 
Finally being off for some me time 
Cuddling with my bf before we both started our day 
today my son called,he,s just nineteen,and is struggling a little with his hormones and his ego,i was in his situation once but had noone to turn to,im gratefull to be my sons dad 
You are really sweet 
Compliments on outfit 
AirLifeAshleyPapaw 
to see a dog I love most. 
have time off. 
Got to sleep in. 
Grateful for having time to take a bath and eat delicious bread 
Don't have to stress out about finding a job for a while. 
KP - among many others - were out of the office yet I made the most of the day and was able to be very productive. 
We drove to JP's restaurant today and took the scenic route - it was gorgeous and made me want to visualize my dreams for the future. 
Remembering I did not have to go to class 
A nice hot cup of coffee 
when I woke up today, I remembered my dream. 
Shanes dad helped me move my car so it wont get towed away. 
was included when we were planning on going to go visit Ethan. 
My ex coming home to hit me. 
He has a very caring heart.... Always looking out for people to make them happy. 
Colleague gave lift to office unexpectedly 
skyped both of my parents. 
don't have to wonder or worry about Drew and our relationship anymore 
My dogs 
1. 
I can talk through my problems with the ones I love. 
no longer have to worry about where and when and how I will try to find food. 
managed to get airtickets for my son to visit us over xmas 
Having a nice, helpful boss. 
My survey team worked well together today and got a lot of work done quickly. 
not perfect, I have a much better living situation than I did last year. 
Partner brought me breakfast 
1. 
My professor complimenting me on my paper and talking to me about it with intention to apply it as a research study 
1. 
i got up and it was a beautiful day 
got the clinical groups I wanted for next semester 
My great boyfriend Austin 
Getting coffee with my fiance 
got my daughter to school on time, fully dressed, fed and clean, even though we woke up 10 minutes before we were supposed to leave. 
Finished to read the novel Fountainhead by Ayn Rand 
Sammy passing his tests 
Pingpong with my family 
Sleeping til 11:15! 
I have enough disposable income to take myself on little shopping trips and spoil myself with things like new slippers and new bras. 
settled in a great apartment with a job that is easy and doesn't take too much time. 
My boyfriend 
Underserved patient population 
Pets playing with each other 
talked with Bthan and we made silly puns, recognized not talking to stupid people explanations, giggled, etc. 
Thinking back on my birthday this past weekend and sharing it with so many of my friends that I love very much. 
really grateful for this website and how much I want to open to new resources in me 
having my friends yesterday when i shared my love problems. 
Support from my in-laws: My car broke down this morning. 
have known for some time that I was not happy doing the work I do, nor will I ever be happy doing it. 
all the love i get from my love, all the care he gives to me, spending his evenings and mornings with loving me 
the first thing that brightend my day was tesla saying hello 
was able to stay up until 9:30 last night. 
Having a supportive mum and dad 
Prayer 
The opportunity for an education 
my partner and children supporting me today. 
big lunch 
Thankful for the support I got from my husband 
Games 
Me 
was on time for my babysitting job at 5 am 
to praying mhy god 
OC nyito FW 
friends with an old friend again 
can meet a customer that i can bond with. 
when my son says he loves me, gives me a kiss, and tells me I am a good man. 
the people that I love. 
know longer worry that I will be alone. 
cleaned my whole apartment. 
People who love me 
My son and I had a great time 
visit auto züri oberland 
my health. 
Grad School- time management is key to stress management. 
almost didn't get my final paper done for my masters degree...but I finally completed it! 
The ability to live life in general, in a happy an healthy way. 
1. 
My lovely cat Alfie who is so loving and attentive. 
My father put my washing out for me whilst at work so I would have uniform for placement tomorrow 
A very good coffee 
my car window is fixed. 
made homework with both my boys, I'm proud of their skills and abilities. 
so happy and grateful for my loving and understanding boyfriend who is by my side, helps around and makes me laugh a lot D 
MY MOM'S LOVE AND CARE 
1. 
being alive and healthy with a new day starting. 
My friend introduced me to happify! 
My daughter's drawing 
Finished quite a few outstanding projects 
colorful and adventurous beyond fear- 
got to eat sushi for lunch. 
dog from neibroughout came to visit 
Receiving hugs smiles, self-written stories and drawings from the students in Tia's class. 
Having all my school friends help me out with all my relationship problems. 
Davide (apoio e compreensão; paciência) 
was able to stay at home and rest, play with my dog a bit and sleep some more 
Received a pumpkin cupcake from Donna and she wants to start back on Nerium! 
was grateful that Alison offered to walk Biloxi and pick up dinner so that I could finish what I was doing on the computer and go to the barn. 
The warm weather outside. 
Grateful that beau woke up with the kids this mrng 
so very thankful for the time I get to spend with my 3 children everyday!! 
My husband woke me cheerfully with a mug of coffee. 
My baby 
feel integrated, to a degree, with those 'nerds' around whom I so enjoy being. 
my housemates appreciate my cooking and let me be antisocial 
Coming home to seeing my roommate melissa. 
Squishlet putting up with my crap 
People will spend time with me even after I haven't wanted to on other occasions. 
found out today was my last physiology lab. 
Nothing 
The balmy walk to school. 
Pictures that Mum sent of the house progress. 
The first thing i'm grateful for that took place at work today is the invite to my managers going away part. 
Grateful that I have 4 days off 
Emailing three contacts on LinkedIn about work and Compiled a list of jobs to apply for. 
Positive training day that improved my confidence in my abilities 
Chatting to work colleagues about the cricket 
Seeing Catherine, Piper and Andy this morning. 
This opportunity to have lived in Madrid for 6 months 
Mila 
looking at flowers in the vase 
My mom 
Ma relation avec Dave 
A text from Ernie saying he had time for a coffee. 
having Fridays off. 
A stranger opened the door for me at the mall. 
my son is recovering from alcohol and drug abuse. 
It was beautiful outside 
everybody that has been here for me through everything i've been through. 
my boyfriend, because he took me to see my friend in the hospital, even though it was a long drive to go there. 
The first thing i am grateful for are my best friends because they keep pushing me and helping me become a better person. 
1. 
Friend called for lunch 
have very supportive parents, I am really grateful to them. 
having a roof over my head and being born and having clothes on my back and having food so i don't straving to death and having a family and friends when i'm upset or down or just not in a super good mood and they are their for me a lot of times. 
nice 
unseasonably warm weather 
Noticing that my hair seemed thicker and stronger and I looked nice in my make-up and outfit today. 
talking with ntouni 
My family stayed in home with me and we woke up together. 
Ik ben dankbaar dat gisteren gezellig met Laurens heb af kunnen spreken om een avondje gezellig bij te praten en even samen te eten. 
to have friends that are like a second family to me. 
Amigos 
Grateful that I was able to relax in peace and quiet in the afternoon, which enabled me to participate in this activity fully. 
great sales numbers at jackthreads 
lilly smiling and laughing and laying still all morning. 
Getting the grids out 
my guinea pig really bonded with me well today, more than she usually does 
A mom who cares about me 
Waking up Parker this morning, my puppy and his tired little paw reaching out for me. 
the difference that Pete makes to my life each and every day by simply being in it. 
we were able to make an appointment for Pete to see the doctor at short notice. 
texted Skyler! 
1. 
Held the door for me just because 
So grateful that Sydney had a good day. 
was told that I was pretty multiple times by strangers and friends, something that meant a lot to me 
my peaceful home. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I had realized it was the last day of school before Thanksgiving break. 
The first good thing I made happen was helping Alan strike the set for Sweeney Todd. 
I've driven through very snowy and slippery weather conditions recently. 
Finding a breakfast joint I had looked up without getting lost, and food being delicious. 
:-) I am grateful for my mom. 
Puppies 
I got the email from the company after I got reject by the government 
Had nice time with friends 
unhealthy relationship 
three people wanted to connect on linkedin 
My dad took the time to send me a Facebook message this morning at 6:00, when I know he should have been packing and proverbially "herding cats" to get my mother and sister out the door. 
We all stayed the entire day at school to finish a final proyect 
Laughing with friends at work 
had some company this morning 
a friend said some nice words to me 
The first thing I am grateful for is that I have my own room. 
Being alive to breath air, being able to move around to do the things I like to do 
When I rang Robbie and he knew what to say to me, he understood how I would be feeling and tried to help me avoid the dark dog. 
1. 
Talking to Matias and seeing Elisa! 
I am normally healthy 
The letter of reference I got from Bobby was very complimentary! 
Marlon and the fact that he is always willing to help me and give me love. 
started thinking about getting the wine inventory done. 
Spending time with my sister and mom. 
To have people who love me 
Coffee 
The relationship with my family. 
greateful for having 3 wonderful kids. 
My grangdmother sent my warm clothes to me from my hometown and she hide RMB200 in my clothe's pocket 
Finding this website 
managed to clean the kitchen and sort out some of the mess. 
my performance at work 
Grey, sleepy as he was. 
Hug from Debbie. 
just to wake up and have another day of life. 
my family being healthy 
anna 
my kids are healthy. 
Resting 
i was driving my 16 yo to school this morning, i chanced seeing a large black bird, wings outstretched soaring above and beside me, silent on the current until it reached the top of the light post. 
My healthSo I can hear, see and move 
Study leave and being able to do what I want to do, when I want to do it. 
my daughter Ingrid came on my morning walk with me. 
My Cat 
my family and my goal 
Godkjent foranalyseplan 
a comfortable place to live in, with privacy, quiet and air-con. 
Money issues- now I am quite financially comfortable unlike previously, when I struggled to balance my accounts every month 
Melissas good mood and willingness to cooperate 
My family always being there for me 
so grateful for LED Smart TV. 
feeling chilled enough to walk the dog in the crisp winter morning 
Saw a lovely friend, 
my kitchen to live, cook and be in with my children 
Luke slept well for his first night wearing his helmet to sleep. 
My Family 
having a warm apartment when it is so cold outside. 
Had a laugh with Mark, Gabby and Shaun at work 
Looking at old photos of my children when they were young, reliving the precious memories 
Getting out my 'slanket' and feeling extra cosy 
Completing reactions 
aniversario ricardão 
Had a laugh with an employee today 
my children 
Parents 
spending time to help me with my car, even being thoughtful enough to stop and get oil before I left. 
Wake up early 
Three things for which I am grateful: 1. 
Being able to afford a skilled shrink who made me feel so much better 
was greatful for the help I got from a colleague at work. 
Угощение от Оли супом 
My family loves me 
My life is great because I will have an opportunity to move to a new place and experience new things. 
My mumms breakfast every morning. 
my family who have supported me in many ways. 
Starting my journey in here 
Waking up to a beautiful ocean view and a rising sun. 
One thing that names life great is that I have two trouble free girls. 
Ron 
WifeLoving daughterhappy petgetting along and sharing skills/strengths 
my relationship 
my alarm going off 
My kids enjoyed going to the movies with Dakota, joking with Adam (Dr Who?), Dillon and Shawn hung out today. 
Famiglia a tavola 
Talking to my mother on the phone. 
111 
my son smile 
Being healthy 
homevisit was cancelled 
My son Zach and his smile each morning 
My cats cuddling in bed with me. 
The predicted storm wasn't as bad as predicted. 
I'm becoming a better cook. 
Once. many years ago I was out with the children. 
ver o pedro 
i am loved and accepted by my family no matter what i say or do. 
My accident- I got rear ended and I developed bad anxiety. 
Car pooled with me mate 
Finally cut ties with the old apartment! 
My boyfriend loving me. 
merge bday party with a friend 
when my brother - in - law brought a pastry cake for me. 
How good my life is. 
Seeing jack and alfie 
Забрал покупки сестры и купил бумагу для рисования 
beijo da minha mãe 
Started physical activity 
Had time to clean clothes 
Relationship with my son. 
gratefull for the interest and feedback of my pedicurelady for my new life. 
Great discussions with the kids before school 
music. 
My mum is hilarious, and I can also make her laugh now - she went out to the 6th form ball with me shouting "Joseph" references behind her. 
Mum, Dad and Iz all in good health - Mum's back is fine thus far, Dad's gallbladder out, Iz's limbs still intact. 
did mine and Beckys project on 6th participant - doing well at collecting data 
Grateful that we live in such beautiful countryside. 
Took a couple of hours away from my desk to enjoy a cup of chai latte in the local cafe. 
woke up without headakes 
my sister...she shows me the person i want to be, she is there for me when i need her and even when i dont realize i need her, she offers support, guidance and love. 
having such super family! 
my commute wasn't so bad yesterday 
Cuddling with Nickie in the morning after we both woke up 
to have advil readily available. 
Забота обо мне родителей. 
A good friend of mine got the offer from Barclays with my assistance. 
My hubby loves me. 
Having a good nights sleep 
ВВ был мил 
Good coffee and breakfast and lazy time in bed 
Creativity and movement. 
My son Charlie, He makes me happy everyday even the ones when he's being challenging! 
have a son who loves me very much, who has respect and self discipline. 
the neighbours we have and the community and home we have to live in 
Waking up and feeling rejuvenated! 
Co-worker offered helpful, critical suggestions on an important project. 
First employer in Florida shutting down operations and receiving help finding teaching position. 
Making thanksgiving dinner for the family 
feel grateful for all the things that i have in my life and all the opportunities that i have 
We got to go to adventure park 
people i work with 
My first cup of coffee 
Сделала маску для лица и ванночку для ног. 
My knee didn't hurt when I was exercising 
family 
I have several friends from different walks of life. 
Seeing granny 
the house was cleaned by my daughter and son in law when I got up this morning 
My husband! 
Helping to an animal not to suffer! 
my loving mother 
Bailey and Raisa went home at a sensible time so there was a quiet part of the day 
not living with parents 
Time to sleep 
Möblerna är på väg! 
Spending so much time with my best friend! 
ran and was proud of myself for doing it! 
My mother. 
I can spend the day at home today without feeling like I MUST be doing office work 
Being married 
Extra sleep on a Saturday morning. 
a quiet day at home with no guests after a successful Thanksgiving dinner party. 
Yesterday, I set up a server with AP newsroom support software, ENPS. 
my kids and everything about them. 
Reframe my doubtful thoughts about my work, telling myself I can be self employed, I don't need to make a tonne of money and I can manage and be happy! 
Antes eu vivia amargurada, triste, sozinha agora sou outra pessoa mais feliz agora 
Sunshine & beautiful bike ride 
My roommate Tori 
The people in my life make it great. 
Getting my hair done 
felt appreciative for my life and my husband, as I was happy to just enjoy his company and the company of my friends, family, coworkers, and pets. 
I was able to organize my closet, unpack and clean the house today. 
My incredible view from my back patio! 
Living in San Francisco 
my husband who has stuck with me for 35 years and is still fun and cute. 
It was finding out that I was better than I thought I was at photography. 
I have friends that encourage me to go out a be social. 
don't have to stress about saving face about my separation/divorce as it's pretty much out there and I'm comfortable telling people now. 
woke up early this morning without any stress...and felt grate. 
When I received picture of my son 
talked to both of my sons yesterday. 
got rid of an expensive bill. 
My daugther 
Fui promovida recentemente 
es esmu pateicīga, ka mani bērni ir gudri un atsaucīgi, ka viņi labi mācās, ir iejūtīgi un sirsnīgi.Es esmu pateicīga, ka mans vīrs ir rūpīgs, ka viņam rūp mana un mūsu bērnu labklājība 
outdid my expectations in doing the crosstrainer for 4 km as well as the treadmill and the bike. 
She's grown into a lovely young woman An old neighbour who we met in mass yesterday said this about me. 
completed the track on Being Socially Connected from a lot of hard work :) 
greatfull for having the comprehension of my boyfriend 
The hug I got from Jimmy 
Fuzzy pajama pants 
when my daughter draws me pictures calling me mommy. 
a home that keeps me warm and safe. 
My brother came by to lunch and I found him again here for dinner. 
Adam was in a good mood and made me laugh. 
Just being told by Cody, Evan and the cast that we did a great job during rehearsals meant a lot. 
reading books 
got to spend time with the girls this weekend. 
my daughter. 
messages from friends and family, to wish on my wedding anniversary. 
I can share my problems with my friends and they wont reject me for doing so, they will talk honestly with me 
found this site 
Got another job 
The warm coffee felling in my body. 
lil A 
woke up to my mom making pancake-waffles for me. 
Penny is still ticking, or maybe yowling. 
financially secure right now and I have a place to live. 
put thanksgiving pictures up on Facebook already! 
had a fantastic Christmas lunch with my co-workers. 
have a great little family with two kids that think that I walk on water. 
doing sport 
Got a credit on my utility bill 
HK 
When I'm feeling down and people help me, like Spyro or Chiri, and listen to my problems or give me resources (like Happify, pfft) to help myself. 
Demanding daily classes 
Andy gave me a Brisk Iced Tea 
got to play games with Andy last night with my new dual monitor set up from him! 
gave blood. 
Going to my investment group meeting. 
my work and my company 
being able to go to the gym with Jordan and getting stronger and making ourselves healthier. 
having a job 
The three kisses Preston gives me every morning when he calls me his princess and tells me to have a wonderful day. 
Flexibility 
Elaine made a nice dinner 
Spoke to JD and surprised to know the help showered on me 
Loving support of husband 
Family loyalty 
woke up Emily slowly with kisses and hugs. 
waking up next to Christopher and having him hold me close before I had to get up and get ready for work. 
extremely grateful for Dustin. 
My boyfriend leaving my Christmas present at my desk and coming down to see me before he left for his flight. 
My friends 
to have a home that I earned and pay for myself. 
That my husband came home from work and did the dishes when they were really piling up. 
my kids are healthy. 
to have Christmas decorations up. 
My mother's health 
John wanting to spend time with me 
Having a facial 
customer at work thanked me for my help 
we have a home in a great neighborhood. 
The love that I receive from my boys. 
Remembering my babysitting yesterday. 
to have a home to lay my head & I'm grateful for my little finds at thrift stores, garage sales & even the trash that show who I am. 
This morning I found joy listening to my daughter get her sons ready for daycare, they were laughing and playing together. 
got to Christmas shop from my couch, and I came up with good gifts pretty quickly. 
made it through three difficult months caring for Dad Coggins at the end of his life. 
harvested my big cabbage from the slope patch and made Chinese barbecued pork and noodles with it. 
My lesson with my student went well, and I swiftly generated useful materials that helped us zero in on his needs. 
This will sound corny or put on, but it isn't. 
Sending my husband off to work with lot's of kisses and prayer. 
I have a home. 
got to see another day. 
Having a job. 
a nice place to live. 
made myself look presentable by doing my hair and make up. 
a terrific aunt that all the kids love 
another day smoke free which brings the total time up to one month and a week. 
can work from home. 
Kaydence and Ansley. 
We have a roof over our heads 
i own a washer and dryer so that i can wash clothes whenever i want, and have clean towels whenever i need them. 
got to spend time with Shadley & he seemed happy to see me. 
Freedom to decide, ability to bring change 
eating well 
my children 
Jesse got a sale from the labor of my efforts 
my family, with out them in my life or apart of my life , my well being would be lost and my soul at a constant pain of emptiness. 
waking up with my dogs 
A loving husband who works hard to let me be able to stay home. 
Waking up with a goal. 
got the chores done that I set out for myself to do 
our pretty home 
me time this morning 
Family 
Chris helps out as he does around the house. 
a good cup of coffee 
Well thanks for Sandy and how she got me on that path to discover a new paradigm, and thanks to her I can work more on all that and cure it at last 
I have a place to live and food to eat. 
Brian made juice for lunch. 
the thought of christmas smiles and bright shining decore 
not having to do houseworkWhen my BF calls mewhen things are going well between Don and me 
What makes my life great? 
Today, even though I am feeling under the weather, my husband and I cooked our traditional New Year Day's feast of Hoppin' John, Greens & Corn Bread. 
Happy to have a nice home. 
friends nearby where i live.They r becoming like family.The small gifts we give back and forth makes me happy. 
I got the tree upstairs and the floors vacuumed and the furniture dusted in the music room and the living room, and the dishes done. 
I got up and started my eliptical again and exercised while listening to some awesome worship music. 
My cat Esther. 
gratful for a roof over my head! 
Bosses that dont appreciate the work you put in for them!! 
life. 
1. 
new phone. 
theatre show stress. 
coffee 
A video sent to me from my son 950 miles away followed by a phone call. 
Working from home today 
was having a family to wake up to. 
was able to sleep late. 
the time being, I do not have to worry about running out of my medicine. 
I ran out of my medication, it looks as though I will be able to get more tomorrow. 
David, because no matter how screwed up I am, he seems to deal with me and loves me, even on the days that I don't really want to do anything. 
to have a home and not have to sleep on the streets. 
BootsCD'sClothingWhile I would not want to lose these things I suppose, I'm not very materialistic so I can't imagine that I would be that upset about it, if someone else needed the clothing items especially 
Sabrina, for coming all the way up here to help me out today. 
finally left a situation that I didn't feel was beneficial to me. 
I only had 3 possessions to survive, I would be hopeful for pictures, as some of them are not backed up on the computer. 
Simple things that happened today to be thankful for:I am thankful for coconut creme pie shakes and peanut butter blasts - no really! 
Loving - Is affectionate, cuddles up with me before bed, wants to be close to me, gives me kisses on my forehead or cheek. 
Three good things that happened today:I was able to sleep in late and I was able to get a very long nap in. 
Today work was great! 
I was able to sleep in today, and that JJ decided to come visit me at night instead of during the day so that I didn't have to get up twice early in the past two days. 
Having a warm home that I share with the 3 people I love the most. 
1. 
1. 
My husband and son. 
Starting back on my "Rockin Wellness" shakes so that I can feel better and be healthier. 
Income 
marching band with the kids 
To have such beautiful children getting back to good health. 
the love I have in my heart for my husband and children and that I have them in my life. 
Lori got me a new pre-lit Christmas tree and is coming over tonight to set it up. 
Thankful that my God loves me and wants me to succeed. 
My beautiful brilliant son. 
Our previous neighbors who were aweful and hated our toddler son. 
My kids. 
My daughter is healthy 
alive 
to have a nice boyfriend that really cares about me and puts me before everybody else. 
The Christmas tree 
My husband is so loving and supportive 
My Husband 
Having good health. 
Seeing my husband by my side 
JillyNoodles, who is my biffle, who takes care of me, and will never let me be out in the cold. 
Beating breast cancer 
Shared a quiet day with my husband 
family 
I went to the store yesterday. 
Jessica 
a nice house 
my husband and the boys. 
My career especially my writing and research 
My family 
a wonderful husband and son. 
My kids are at school today. 
feel very grateful to have Matthew and Ashley here to help me as I go through several medical issues. 
my dogs 
The baby went down for both naps easily 
got alot accomplished in putting kitchen back together 
my son and my husband. 
my wife supports me in my dietary restriction needs. 
the peace and quiet time I was able to have today. 
Talking to some of the students at my future school 
Going on college 
My husband cooks dinner a lot 
A supportive husband. 
Laughing with colleagues. 
my amazing husband who is so supportive and loving 
Showing of Real Estate 
Kids have gone to work so the house is peaceful 
a God that loves me enough to allow his son to due to forgive my sins and allow me to have eternal life 
My daughter got up by herself 
my health. 
Darren 
when my sons are at home enjoying each other and me. 
I have such a great husband who is also my very best friend 
Waking up with my granddaughter here. 
woke up, healthy, well fed and in my bed. 
I am feeling better and I was able to exercise today 
knowing that my girl is allways there for me and very sealdom gets upset with me. 
I paid rent today. 
I have a companion that is even tempered. 
Having the fun of decorating the tree with the kids yesterday! 
My dyson vacuum cleaner isn't broken, it just overheated. 
my health 
was able to get a lot of work done today. 
read what Julie wrote on my work sheet for Nina. 
put away and organized all of my groceries properly on their respective shelves. 
a long distance phone call from my honey who as only been gone 5 hrs. 
peace- my home is full of peace and love 
the first thing that enlighten my day was a phone call from a job offer to set up an appt as soon as tomorrow. 
got to fill out heating assistance form 
Putting up the Christmas tree. 
WHEN i can get a chore done without interruption 
being with my son 
My wife, went out of her way to drive me to my doctor's appt. 
not in a bad relationship. 
We had a rehearsal that went very smoothly and I was an integral part of it. 
spoke with a friend who is working on a project I will be part of in March that I am looking forward to. 
was able to embrace a colleague who had been holding me back from entry into a group I wanted to join. 
My teacher was doing better than I thought she might be doing. 
to have a beauty and comfort to come home to. 
My husband truly loves me unconditionally. 
Derek 
1. 
being able to be here almost all the time for my youngest child 
I have a roof over my head,it my not be the best situation but it will do for now. 
My Children 
I have a paycheck coming in 
Chi Gong class 
today: rice crispy treat. 
putting away the Thanksgiving stuff 
kids 
My car started this morning 
Kim is doing well today and that she slept well last night. 
getting the dollhouse cleaned and organized. 
we got to spend Thanksgiving with all of the kids that live in Washington with us. 
The 1st thing i am grateful for is my daughter 
got my yankee candles 
My sweet husband came home early last night and helped me with Kailyn - and remembered to give me a kiss, too. 
Waking up with my husband 
the floors on the cars weren't flooded from the rain 
Having a job 
got up early to meet my boss to talk about an event coming up. 
me and my kids are together 
This morning, I was thankful to wake up to family, gathered around the kitchen table smiling and laughing about the day ahead. 
Kandace and baby are good 
Jesus 
my husband and I becoming closer through communication 
My sons were in good moods when they woke up this morning. 
I have a job where I can be creative 
My mother fell and badly dislocated her shoulder.I was with my family, and everyone saw her fall. 
Breakfast went smoothly. 
My storytelling ability is one of my greatest blessings, along with my sense of humor. 
Melinda, who's offering me her guest room in July. 
My exes. 
Woke up in a warm, cozy, comfortable bed. 
A drama free work day 
Ended up getting a full 8 hrs of sleep. 
Good sleep 
being Alive and well 
my husband 
The memories I have of my mom and dad. 
I managed to pay my electric bill today and still have power in my home. 
Being able to pay my electric bill when so many others can't. 
Joli ran to kiss me good-bye before getting on the bus 
got to work with the store manager and it was fun 
Thankful that I have a job that enables me to work from home so I can be close by if my family needs me. 
The first thing that brightened my day was being able to wake up well rested and happy. 
Waking up with John, Penny and Polly (my dogs) 
my incredibly loving family. 
Meta really makes my day shine. 
having a comfortable place of my own to live. 
would buy health insurance. 
got desk cleaner 
my roommate's positive personality. 
being able to sit at the dinner table together for thanksgiving. 
my students that love me. 
I have raised two amazing young men. 
My mother's constant support with everything I do - and especially with the kids. 
My husband is a very helpful and loving person. 
Laughing with coworkers 
Shauna got a full refund from U of D.Christa branching out into adulthood.Christa branching out into adulthoodChatting with friendsMeditation 
Having a cup of coffee and a cigerette 
That my oldest is getting happy and more confident and is so tenacious and resilient. 
All kids got into gifted 
life and my children. 
my rent is paid for for the month 
scored the only pair of leather boots in the clearance section that were my size, and I love them... 
my wonderful family, how well we all get along 
stood up to someone 
The first good thing i made happen today was i went grocery shopping for my family 
Having a daughter. 
The roof over my head, my son, my husband and God in my life. 
Seeing the beautiful snow on the trees. 
Saying good morning to my coworkers 
My husband had a good day he didnt have any of his epeiods. 
to have the husband i have. 
A kiss and I love you from my son. 
feel grateful for my co-workers and friends for getting me through today. 
went and shopped for a custom framing materials, I also bought some presents for my stepson. 
to have a roof over my head, a bed to sleep in and food to eat. 
Grateful that i have a home to live in 
my children 
Taking a long, warm shower. 
my husband who loves me unconditionally. 
got up early this morning and watched 'I Love Lucy' .. 
That Emilie woke up happy this morning 
I will have time to read a good book tonight. 
had a car almost hit mine today. 
left the house before 9 am successfully. 
I have a home that is warm and comfortable. 
Today I am grateful that my husband gets to be home with me. 
dishes done 
my house and having somewhere to sleep and to protect me. 
My observation going well 1st period. 
my mom - for the ways she accepts me, my feelings, and can be with me & for the ways she is mentoring me. 
two days off. 
my daughter is self motivated and respectful of those around her. 
I am able to make my own schedule 
My family makes my life great because I know that they love me unconditionally. 
Sleeping 
My home 
Having a nice phone conversation with grandma. 
work for an organization, doing a job, that helps people with developmental disabilities. 
I was able to spend some time with the boys today. 
my pets 
Rachel let me back into her life. 
Seeing a friend for the first time since Thanksgiving 
had a conversation with my mother in law and she thanked me for the birthday card i sent her. 
no new pee spots this morning 
went shopping for things for my first grandbaby 
my Grandson 
having a roof over me and my son's head. 
Greatful for my husband for being very thoughtful and dropping off Talisa at school for me in the morning and picking her up from dad's 
Seeing my daughters smiley faces first thing in the morning. 
went to the gym today 
My husband's retired 
Dancing. 
my family and the love we have. 
got some interpreters in difficult places 
the sun was out 
god and jesus as my personal savior 
my kids 
1. 
woke up this morning 
My dog slept in my bed 
I had a day off work 
The man at the corner store said I didn't look my age 
my kids are healthy 
the nice warm home my family lives in. 
Took Shower and put make up on 
My son sent me a text message. 
helpful boys that help share the load of tasks and responsibilities of day-to-day living. 
Meet Anand and Sreselvn, collage friends--was grateful i have friends like them. 
Seeing my son look relaxed at the new school 
Thinking about getting back to our own little family life 
got steroid injections in my back to help ease the pain. 
my mother and my sister, they are always supporting me 
Äiti toi ruokaa, kun olin kipeä. 
Hanna soitti ja sai nauramaan ja ylös sängystä. 
Free food! 
Pääsin ylös puoli yhdeltätoista. 
Ei ärsyttäviä kämppiksiäIgor ei ole enää hallituksessa 
made soup to last this week for this cold weather 
my daughter made dinner tonight without being asked to 
Izzy 
The lady in training that sounded like Roz. 
Great schedule! 
being by myself doing my own thing.with 
Having another day of life. 
my kids 
maryann 
God's unwavering love...even when I let him down, He holds me up 
got to relax and enjoy the quiet of an empty apartment today, after a tough weekend with more people than I have had around in a while. 
being able to take a nap in my bed and having my son stay in his bed, allowing for mommy to get a 2 hour nap 
my husbands grandmothers funeral 
My baby girls smile, she always wakes up so happy. 
My children make my life great. 
to have gotten the jars cleaned up for my project. 
Being in a relationship that was abusive. 
Dogs 
my children. 
good weather saves on heating 
Turned out the thing my mom mentioned that she bought for Elizabeth years ago was pretty much the same thing the kid on the CoS list requested and I could never possibly afford to give him one... 
God and Jesus. 
My wonderful, gorgeous daughter and two beautiful sons. 
was able to get some needed clothing for the kids finally. 
talking to my hubby on phone 
the ability to have my children 
talking to my sister 
Sunshine 
I have a job 
The first good thing I made happen today was: I made a new soup recipe from a cookbook for my family. 
Thankful for my mom and the delicious home-cooked meals she made for the family every day this weekend 
Remediating exams 
a post on facebook about people from Ohio cuse the most 
That Callum and myself are healthy people overall. 
The sun was shining 
my husband has worked hard in our home while he is out of work. 
Made headway on backed up work from vacation. 
my husband 
a God who is merciful and has forgiven all my sins. 
have a job 
I met Sarah because I have someone to go out with and I can talk to her about everything 
lost my credit card and instead of freaking out, I calmly thought about the worst case scenario and how even that was still manageable. 
My Husband 
my son said I love you as he left for school 
Waking up to my man. 
I have an open spot now in my garage. 
Having my family here for Thanksgiving 
My kids behaved and played well together. 
You always get good grades. 
The beautiful sunshine leaving work this morning! 
God. 
to have both of my boys healthy and home. 
was able to work today and make some money to buy the things I need. 
Today I got to hang out with Tristan. 
Nick did actually get back in contact with me when I thought he hadn't. 
Finally going to a specialist to make my pain go away 
My clients and my job 
i found out the gender of my new nephew and that i was able to share in this announcement with my family 
my friends and all of the help they give me. 
My friends were there when I needed someone to talk to 
Thanks to Dennis being deployed and bringing in so much pay, all the bills are current and there's food in the house. 
my dog 
my dog 
worked up 20 patients 
my husband, even though things aren't perfect, he's come a long way in our relationship and I'm grateful for that. 
my son 
My family 
My sweet kitties all snuggly on my bed in the morning 
My children. 
was able to do my appointments today without hurrying 
Hearing beautiful music this morning. 
My daughter, I am thankful for her and how sweet and loving she is. 
Appreciating my home, how nice it is, and how grateful I am to have it. 
My husband brings me coffee in bed every morning. 
Jasen, my fiance' posted letters on jpay from prison, im always glad to hear from him 
Car ride to the Arena with Sam and the great father - Son chat. 
seeing the kitties running down the hallway to the food. 
ninjas 
had a co-worker buy me a Starbucks Peppermint Mocha. 
Thankful for a supportive husband when I am not feeling well, he takes care of things without me even asking. 
my beautiful children, who delight me every day. 
Loving family 
Music. 
so grateful for my daughter an My Husband who God sent to me.. 
cheerful chat with friend outside. 
My son 
my classmates being supportive during a skills review today, when I broke down and started crying, they lifted me back up 
Kittens - their playfulness, their ability to live in the moment, and their unconditional positive regard (and snuggles). 
the sun 
Grateful to wake up another day with my son. 
Kris Wisdom said I looked Pretty 
health 
cleaned the frog cage. 
Kirk is not too harmed by the cut in his hand. 
how co workers help me to recover the store. 
My daughter did a really good job on her math homework. 
Bailey and Bella and our cuddle time together. 
Today was the first day of Santa's workshop at work where we get to draw links and match them for a little prize. 
good coffee 
waking up on time. 
i am alive 
got my work done 
I have a safe and comfortable home to live in 
i have a co-worker like joel. 
the love of my roommate. 
God 
my lawyer decided to take my case at a really low price. 
waking up 
My co-workers were supportive and helped me alleviate stress by talking things through with me. 
another snow storm last night/this mroning, Charley was still able to make it in to help out while we're short staffed. 
Slower day so that I can achieve some of my to do list 
Shoveling snow 
I have a few really good friends 
was grateful for a day without unanticipated difficulties - everything went smoothly. 
don't have to worry about my acne anymore because I finally figured out how to get it under control. 
seeing my new lamp and looking towards seeing how it looks in my bedroom 
health 
Buster get me up and moving. 
Was having a full night of sleep. 
kevin 
The note from Matt on the table he called me lover pants. 
My home, my son and my pets. 
my healthy kids. 
My coworker's working together to help each other with difficult tasks 
we have money to buy food.we 
True friends 
my boyfriend helps me with the things he does. 
Time with kids 
My kids. 
Daughter made homemade keychains, bracelets and necklaces that she figured out for herself. 
got to sleep in 
saw one of my students where I didn't expect to see her. 
Coming home and not having cook due to not feeling 
patients made me laugh today 
Goober greeted me with affection. 
took the returned international package to the Post Office and now it's on it's way to Australia. 
The roads weren't as bad today 
got things taken care of,,,son stopped by 
made a delicious meal. 
got several of the things for Christmas done. 
ex 
received good news about possible solution to our immigration problem. 
i have a job and that i only have to work 3 days a week 
Cassell paid $5000 for the UVA prints 
took care of turning in all test kits and paperwork that was overdue at work. 
First snowfall 
learn something new and fascinating every day 
my dog Murphy who lets me know he loves me and missed me after being gone 
My hubby unpacking my magnability order! 
my 2 beautiful boys 
Talking to Des 
trading witty reparte at starbucks with a coworker. 
the first thing that brightened my day was going out to lunch with a friend 
My son's talk to me when they have problems 
Julia did her work and arrived to her classes on time. 
handled George giving all of our money away. 
my house is a home! 
My son Tyler. 
The client hugging me 
Putting my name plate on my desk 
Food in the house 
my beautiful and brilliant daughter and her academic success. 
Ellie. 
Getting paid 
my children 
was grateful for the opportunity to babysit Reagan. 
Got a call from Ken at work with updates on worklifr 
reviewing apps 
My husband 
had a full day of face to face clients. 
my daughter. 
have a warm home. 
My husband was very positive this morning 
Spending time with my niece and nephew 
Taking a bath 
Having David help with the boys today. 
My family 
cold got better 
made plans to go to lunch with a friend tomorrow. 
woke up to rain. 
the cute little xmas tree cookies w/ m&m ornaments and the thoughts of making them 
I woke up breathing for another day of life. 
Finishing a crocheted project that I start. 
everyone made it home safely. 
Going to work at Noon. 
my husband takes care of our dog. 
people at work remembering my bday 
melissa actually came thru 
My commute to work, I like to sing along to the radio and talk to myself. 
one of my sons gave me a hug 
Not interupted and Got reports done early 
My wife's support 
don't have to worry about it getting too cold. 
My children 
Rick called just to say " I love you" 
The plumbing is working thanks to a volunteer church group coming to the house and working on the drains for no charge. 
helping a friend 
Willow 
My kid 
My new dog Dixie 
had a lovely conversation with a relative 
The first thing that brightened my day was that it was new pain patch day and I only have one more day to go before I see Dr. C. 
jesus saving me 
lost 1lb 
1. 
Talked to my nieces 
Evan 
Brad and I had a great positive conversation about productively addressing anger issues. 
You've improved in managing therapy sessions since the midterm evaluation. 
roof over my head 
Spending the day with my husband on my birthday. 
My children 
The long walk I took with my son to get a money order for the rent, even though my mp3 died on the way back, because it got rid of the anxiety attack that I was having 
Sumer told me she understood the problems I am having with my autistic son. 
don't have to deal with my son's abusive father anymore. 
My cousin told me she was proud of me for finishing my story. 
Text from a friend to say good morning 
waking up in my own bed with my cat sleeping next to my head on my pillow. 
I was able to recover the day and snuggle with Nate and read a story he liked with him after having a crazy moment this afternoon. 
My art. 
My partner sharing real feelings over dinner about changes we need to make in our communications so we can improve our understanding of each other and get along better and better over time. 
My kids 
the christmas tree at work 
My family 
Waking up this morning not feeling sick giving thanks to the man up above.. 
family that loves and supports me. 
My boyfriend waking me up gently. 
My family/friends 
A coworker always checks on me to see how I'm doing 
found a flower bud on my Christmas Cactus. 
I woke up 
All the happy birthday wishes I received. 
have a good family, and cute son 
my loving supportive husband 
The first thing that brightened my day was to read and organize all my mail inbox 
Kids 
Olivia 
Lou hung the chandelier 
One thing that makes my life great is mindfulness. 
Appreciations 
Relaxed living 
Broke through couple of tough issues with the release 
Moving to New place to live 
Health 
Iroh (my new cat) woke me up by sitting on my chest and purring. 
PLA optimisation 
Brian 
my wife can help care for me 
don't have to worry about a bad relationship with my family. 
Being willing to go the extra mile for myself. 
The bus stopped to pick-up my son who was running late 
My son. 
ate Soto Ayam, and that was delicious. 
I worked out. 
Sun is shinig 
Gavin came over and chopped down the tree. 
God. 
Going to sleep and waking up next to Nige every day 
Money - throughout my childhood and my early twenties I had a small income and worried about how I would afford to live from week to week. 
I'd really hope that some of my fruit trees had survived! 
Comentario M, A me salvas 
My family. 
Not having enough money for groceries. 
Olivia enjoying her elf's shenanigans 
Good job that I get to stay at home! 
Hearing Stairway to Heaven at the beginning of Luis' yoga class. 
Having my family in my life, everyday. 
was grateful for my father yesterday and today for being such a wonderful father, brother, person. 
got to sleep in 
A foreign friend I got to know about two years ago is still in contact with me though we meet maybe just once per year. 
Lincoln 
A good movie with family 
Being healthy 
today is the last day of work before our long Christmas break. 
chiro appointment went well 
I have a lovely home with great roommates, one of whom treats me extremely well. 
A friend of mine was grateful to see me today and told me I made her laugh 
Steve and our home 
Home is where I treasure. 
we have a home, pay our bills, and eat well. 
Message from CC - I was patient and rewarded for it. 
Waking up with less pain than last night. 
My coworkers and the support they provide. 
the lunch my coworker bought me today. 
Started checking blood sugar. 
Meyer compliment in hall 
Jenna 
Talking to my daughter about a touchy subject and feeling that she was listening to me. 
I have a wife and son who love me 
Bianca did a good job at getting home for me after her Dr. 
don't have to worry about investing more money into trying to fix the deep freezer and can now try to come up with ways to repurpose the freezer to be used similar to Justin Corbin's dry ice setup. 
Lexi 
got mail from a friend 
two beautiful, intelligent, healthy, and loving children. 
my family, the loves in my life... even if there are times that i am stressed or undergoing emotional roller coaster bed of them, I'm still blessed to have them..im FULL not empty 
Animals that unconditionally Love Me 
to have a beautiful view to see out my window. 
The health of my child, I'm glad that my son is healthy, this has a way of its own of keeping my worries down. 
my beautiful home that is decorated with Christmas cheer! 
My hubby 
Waking up this morning and feeling less pain from my arthritis and being able to clean my house. 
waking my daughter up for school 
Petting my dog 
so grateful for my husband--for his gentle, sensitive spirit and his unfailing loyalty. 
Really happy we were able to get a Christmas tree and decorate it! 
was greeted at the bedroom door by Ryan who was happy to see me, shared his plane with me, and wanted to be picked up and hugged. 
my family especially my husband he is very supportive and loving 
My son makes life wonderful. 
It was payday and I was able to buy some things we needed like gas for my car, food and to go get some stomach medicine for Michael. 
my relationship with my Higher Power, Jesus Christ the Son of God and for my relationship with my Father in Heaven. 
That Flora and I are such good friends and click so well 
The first thing that uplift me is to be under the sun, walking on the beach. 
One thing that makes my life great is the fact that I have a job that I like (a new job) and that people believe in me and value me and my work. 
Sent something to print that I'd been needing to for a couple of days. 
Team members to share the work load with when one of us needs something major done the others help pick up slack automatically. 
Growing up through my teen years my family had an unstable financial situation. 
woke up to find it a beautiful day outside. 
My beautiful Children and that despite our earlier challenges, we have been able to make a happy home and a loving environment. 
Got to sleep in! 
work with awesome students who, for the most part, are not hard working and grateful. 
creativeI'm not uglyI am adventurous 
Good 1:1 call with Shellie, shared common challenges and made a plan to resolve. 
Sipping on hot cocoa early this morning as the snow fell outside the window. 
Coworkers have a great attitude most of the time. 
stayed focused on my tasks. 
the calm atmosphere at work today. 
Tests - no more school! 
My life is made great by the simple pleasures. 
I have the rate of pay I do. 
the short visit with Sharon this morning. 
There is an abundance of good people in my life. 
All three children woke up healthy and happy this morning. 
No more roaches 
so thankful that my son is getting the treatment he needs now. 
Crocheting in a coffee house with a hot chai latte next to me. 
Att pelle är hemma 
My husband is getting some remodeling done that I wanted done. 
went to gym 
completed my STD tasks for the day - they were priority 1. 
My husband hugs me and asks me how my day was. 
my pets: waking up and having them greet me at the bedroom door, like my being here was the best thing in the world. 
to wake up each day. 
Customer told me they were happy to see me. 
the oppurtunity to raise another child. 
The love of my family. 
My job, I have been under employed or unemployed in the recent past and had jobs that I found the work or whom I was working with very stressful, but I enjoy my current job even though it is seasonal. 
my mother came in to my room with a hot cup of tea because i've been sick. 
Greatful that Joyce cleans the catbox. 
all that I have 
we have a house in a good neighborhood with enough room for everyone and a big yard. 
everyone is healthy 
Bob and his love and patience with me. 
Roxanne 
first and foremost thankful for a loving Lord and Savior in Jesus Christ and a God that is forgiving and not vengeful. 
my wife 
got to talk to Arianna and Skylee last night for a long time. 
l 
My friend Kristy is always trying to help me :) She sent me an email asking if i was ok and feeling better. 
Thankful Thomas knows horses and ranch life and takes car of things. 
That Kirk brought me home after sitting outside for over 6 hours freezing my ass off. 
Joe told me I was doing a great job fixing the things that needed to be fixed in my apartment. 
outside lights done 
I have a husband that is willing to pull his weight and helps me more than most men do when it comes to household chores. 
My party toes. 
hearing from Dave and coffee and Pogo.com , my game site that I like to play computer games. 
My friend Ashley and Jonathan, although I know my other friends have missed me while I'm gone, they were the only ones to send me messages regularly and let me know how much they care for me. 
Getting a morning hug from my daughter. 
my family. 
wrote to an old friend who is in distress. 
extending myself and meeting more people every week. 
Leeloo jumping on the bed in the morning and snuggling. 
Crystal spring looked beautiful today, the water was still with fog lift up from the water, with beautiful sunset colors 
feeling my baby kick 
the help I have from grandparents. 
Having a good breakfast where everyone was happy about it being Wednesday 
McKenna will look after Calleigh in the morning so I can have a shower 
Healthy family and a good and intelligent set of people 
My family 
Naomi gave me a big and sincere hug today. 
my husband for supporting me & understanding me & my mental thoughts... 
The first thing that brightened my day was finally finding my keepsake ornaments online! 
Chris finishing that painting for me, it ended up super cute and will be a great addition to our holidayfied home :) 
Having the hair coloring work fairly well, and it does not look botched. 
My Co-pilot is learning more every day. 
woke up with full activity of my limbs, my mind and my emotions. 
Hearing a prayer on my voicemail 
Waking up 
woke up 
Watching the sun rise among the trees near work. 
bought some cleaning supplies I've been needing for a few months now, and managed to get them, plus a few other things, for less than nine dollars. 
My dog, Ash, playing with him always brightens my mood and mind. 
Pelas mensagem amorosas do meu Nenuco. 
1. 
Sitting at my desk and start working on new projects. 
My love for my new husband. 
trees 
could wake up early to enjoy the day. 
Grateful that I didn't take the L train this morning 
live in the greatest city in the world and am my own boss. 
finding $20 
Having a home that I share with my daughter and grandchildren. 
Carlos was pleasant 
my new home. 
knowing i had a good nights sleep 
my daughters 
The insulin pump. 
Got to catch up with Lindsey 
funny picture 
When Greg snuggled me this morning before getting up to shower. 
Tiny Monster coming in to cuddle and suck on my blanket. 
My dog woke me up with loving licks 
My co-worker who has been doing this job for 20yrs very well respected gave me a huge compliment on how i was doing my job 
was grateful that Sue was sympathetic to me being late for several reasons that included scraping off the snow with a credit card. 
the luck I have had in finding full time employment. 
Louis always being there for me with all things, large and small. 
having the energy to clean my room. 
my husband makes me laugh! 
we live in a place where we don't have to pay rent or utilities. 
getting a text from my sister 
My fiance that works hard to support and take care of us all. 
of my customers was considerate of how sick I was feeling. 
The first thing that brightened my day was listening to Trent Shelton for some motivation to leave my house and put in those job apps. 
Giving mom and grandma big hugs goodbye before flying back to school. 
my parents. 
steven 
I was given another day in God's world to spread His love. 
Thankful that we have food and other items we need 
The first thing that brightened my day today was having my coffee ready to go when I got to work. 
Grateful: It was not the transmission, i found a good mechanic, 
Seeing that Felipe already filled in the notes in the meeting doc. 
got my kitchen floor cleaned. 
our accounts are all current at the moment. 
Sean got back to me about cooking lessons. 
Beautiful weather 
Found a wonderful birthday card for Keith. 
Knowing I was going to work today and didn't have to stay home. 
Husband is still with me. 
An old friend inviting me to an event 
Friends want to go out 
Eating the eggs over rice this morning. 
My kids. 
My baby made the sweetest bitstrip about us. 
My kids 
my husband forgave me easily and completely for being grumpy and unreasonable last night. 
I was able to sleep in today, and did not have to wake up (when I didn't need to be awake) to wake up my SO. 
Waking up next to Eric 
finished my reports and got them submitted 
A txt from DLF 
Cookies. 
Buska - He always wants attention & I know he loves me. 
alicia brought me lunch 
Trips. 
2 wonderful sons 
a safe reliable car to drive 
My family 
people who care for me and support me. 
Nothing 
woke up and my husband made me a good cup of coffee. 
My daughter who has come home to help me keep the house. 
teleconference good 
exercised today! 
My son Jackson. 
Knowing that my orders were going to be sent out to my customers. 
my children. 
I am a productive day with school. 
Family 
finishing a project at work 
my three children 
got to sleep late this morning 
My boys in the morning. 
The Howard Stern Show 
I decided to have the cookie party at home ans that susan offered to host the party at her house. 
Seeing my dogs happy, smiling faces 
I have a nice new apartment for Lyric and I. 
Boh came over. 
my sister, Amanda. 
Took dog for a 45 min walk 
My son. 
I have a wonderful man who always takes care of me and makes me feel wanted. 
My health is back on track after not being for quite some time. 
My cat deciding to hide all the ornaments off the Christmas tree. 
emailed Ken about the shale gas industrial policy and other related reports 
Unconditional love from the dogs 
getting a response from charlie 
grateful for my close friends. 
Nothing. 
Getting up and getting to the Dr. so I could start feeling better. 
My husband loving and caring for him as he does for me with my TBI 
Son at George Brown 
Customers picked up motors after I called them yesterday 
so grateful about my little daughter and the love of my wife 
Amanda rubbed my back and scratched it when i asked. 
my husband who picks up the slack when things are rough. 
Getting a new job. 
The first thing I thought of is listening to gospel music on my CD player. 
Having breakfast and chai lattes with my honey. 
getting a nap this morning after waking up too early with Aubrey 
1. 
today Simona came over and I was able to help her with her homework, helping her and socializing outside of work was a mutually beneficial experience. 
waking up and having coffee and a cigarette 
family 
Being able to work with some interesting and advanced technology. 
I have a job 
my friend printed out my English paper because I did not have time to do it myself. 
my boyfriend is going to break up with me 
Lee. 
making soup 
my granddaughter 
Made a great pot of vegetable soup and cornbread. 
Feeling a sense of accomplishment at work. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up with my husband holding me. 
My son told me he loved me. 
Rahul let me complete my tasks that were lingering for quiet some time now. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up to our dog Sofie. 
Young man came into the store where I work and gave me and my co-worker 20 dollars each. ( a blessing) 
The sun was out.... even though it was cold, this winter sun was bright and warm outside the shadows. 
My beautiful new Christmas tree and seeing Maxton's face when he saw it. 
the little time of quiet that I got from all the commotion that goes on during this time of year. 
My kids made it safely through the day. 
You do a really good job. 
imam posao. 
My dog excited to see me. 
my parents because they want to help me make a better life for myself. 
got out and went to the grocery store early 
Hanging out with my cats. 
the help that DOR and CR are giving me for getting an education to build a career that will fit me well 
John's family 
Having a healthy child. 
That Scott got a second interview. 
Thankful for my Family 
the hug I received from my daughter before she got on the bus to go to school 
connected with an old friend 
Seeing our new puppy in the morning. 
my cousin was looking for me at the memorial. 
got my new phone and it works great. 
Designing and creating things 
dunkin donuts 
Everyone got along at work today. 
live in Hawaii, and even today, Dec. 4th, the sun is shining! 
was able to help someone with a sick cat by borrowing him my cat carrier to go to the vet. 
We got the Christmas lights up today. 
Receiving a package from Sephora 
Talking to Jeff- ordering fitbit for me. 
I made it in a bit earlier today. 
was able to buy some thai food to make me feel better while I was at home, sick. 
1. 
heard from my mom, who had taken a nasty fall yesterday. 
my mom and dad coming over and taking jj out so she could get out of the house for a bit 
The smiles on he children's faces 
sunrise and my ability to gaze 
My cats 
manage to stop by the nutrition store to buy my supplements and the sale guy was very helpful and provided very useful advice 
My supervisor called me in to check-up on me to see how I was doing. 
don't have to worry about the relationship with my boyfriend. 
my laptop because it connects me to the outside world, helped me finish college and serves as a source of entertainment. 
my wife. 
Close friends I can always rely on. 
A phone call and my dogs 
My daughter visited me at work.. 
A warm room when I awoke this morning 
talked to Sarah and she sounded happy albeit frustrated with Joshua's crying. 
my child's enthusiastic response to her breakfast smoothie. 
Miah decided to try a new food, and he liked it! 
nomie 
My husband. 
my birthday. 
My dogs waking up with me this morning. 
laughing with my man 
two loving children and a wonderful man who refuses to give up on me 
Laughing with coworkers about the Xmas tree. 
1. 
was able to walk four miles during my exercise this afternoon, and I felt very refreshed afterwards. 
my husbandgrand-children 
exercised 
having the things i need. 
SOOO thankful Elijah hasn't been having seizures 
The parents in my class are amazing. 
Maisy petting Mookie cat 
alive 
Having five beautiful nieces, and great friends. 
I have a job. 
Sharing time and laughs with Marven. 
the time I spent watching movies with my children. 
Watching lifetime movie in the morning 
Son wrote a note asking for forgiveness after saying something mean to me. 
waking up to my cat next to me 
We can talk to each other with our eyes 
Was waking up to see my baby kitties staring up at me 
Husband cooked breakfast. 
the sun came out and the weather was warm. 
Getting to leave work early 
im at home with family. 
The kitchen stayed clean. 
my boyfriend Tim and my son Jay! 
paid credit card bill and replaced a nice little chunk of lost savings. 
having a cozy place to call home 
nothing 
Having a nice friendly hair stylist to chat to 
passed my quiz in math 
The beautiful home my husband and I have made. 
actually got through some organization. 
having a home 
very thankful I was able to have a family of my own. 
My Family 
Seeing an old friend. 
Playing with Arik. 
Getting Kayla approved for treatment 
my family . 
Transfering HAMI Money to Personal 
My husband came down and made me coffee. 
Parents are still here. 
I am have 3 children who are doing very well for themselves right now. 
got some chores done and feel more optimistic. 
Waking up and seeing the sunrise through my window! 
story time with Kelsey 
Waking up to my sweet girlfriend 
I have such an easy going family. 
my baby girl 
Got to go shopping and lunch with a friend 
Knowing that my youngest is adjusting to her new school well, i was worried that she wouldn't 
waking up to my babies 
I was able to cook dinner and have the kitchen cleaned before bedtime. 
My Niece and Nephew came over 
I have kids that love me. 
I have a warm house to live in. 
I am able to pay my rent each month. 
my kids 
I didn't bounce that check today! 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting the boys up and off to school on time without a fuss. 
First item I'm loving again is the flatscreen TV I got for my birthday. 
Seeing Lelu. 
An old friend contacted me 
spent more time with my husband and showed him how much I love him. 
My 5 year old got dressed and ready for school without arguing with me. 
when meeting with my boss to tell him about a difficult mgr and proj situation and how i handled he told me I was right on with handling it the way I did 
put the charity spam mail in the mail box today. 
the day was warm 
used my new Photoshop Elements skills to make images, and cropped and uploaded photos to Instagram. 
went on bedrest with Noah. 
My car 
1. 
Grateful for my amazing husband -how loving and supportive he is. 
Talking to a friend 
happify 
THE SMILE OF WIFE. 
having money 
My wife Amy who is committed to me 
My friend and neighbor brought over some cute holiday socks. 
My love rash had dispersed using Dead Sea lotion 
My dog, Chip. 
surprise check 
Knowing that someone cares about me during the day ... connecting to me when I don't connect to my Self 
My partner offering me $5 to go get coffee. 
Claire took care of dinner and did the dishes. 
Talking to Michelle on the phone. 
Grateful for finding a place to live for me and Spike. 
my hair 
God waking me up 
June came over and stayed to help me move my furniture and decorate for Christmas. 
Jesus Christ in my life---love Him, 
The first thing that brightened my day was a particularly ill behaved class was very well behaved. 
My loving father 
when my son landon woke up and gave me a hug 
Waking up to see my rescue squirrel Icarus is always a pleasure. 
My job- helping animals and the people who love them 
I am hard working and can support myself 
My family makes my life wonderful. 
My boss expressed his confidence in my ability. 
Seeing my neighbor 
major progress on zelda 
Picking a great idea to work on throughout my composition class. 
my children's smiling faces when I get home from work, their hugs/kisses, and their developing personalities. 
made it to fla. 
Talking to the manager here at the apartment complex. 
My boo helped clean up 
someone told me they love me. 
seeing my dogs waiting patiently and lovingly for me to come out of my room after my bath. 
a home to live in. 
Finished all my work yesterday 
My family 
spending the day with my kids due to school being cancelled. 
Money 
my sisterinlaw to be undrstanding about the mortgage 
Friends who support me. 
Lauren complimented my shoes and outfit at work on Friday. 
My Kids 
still walking 
My kids are my life. 
My wife had a successful trip to her lawyer, moving us closer to getting her parents home sold. 
My mom fixed my dad and me breakfast and Dad made the coffee. 
Get home. 
kids going to bed and being able to sit in my room and it be quiet. 
a beautiful home that is full of love. 
my granddaughter 
had a great bonding experience with my daughter this evening- Dinner and ice cream, laughter, great conversation 
My friend Patti gave me a glowing job recommendation. 
Anthony wasn't a dick. 
don't have to worry about Jessica being in my house and all the drama and negativity that she brings. 
Our new cat. 
son 
had a lot of people that liked my post. 
Waking up to my puppy Paco. 
had an easy day at work. 
getting to interact with Div, and help to get the lab productive again. 
When Sandy responded to a text message I had sent. 
1. 
had a good nite sleep 
got the grant that I had been waiting on. 
My Xander and Scarlette's smiles 
Being able to work part-time. 
the parents I was lucky enough to have. 
It was warm and rainy today, pleasant temperature. 
Not sleeping as much as usual. 
Today I was told thank you so much for the customer service that I provided, and the customer was going to tell everyone he knows to come in and check out our store. 
Participated in Sim and wasn't freaked out like I usually am. 
My dogs greeting me. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing Carol's car to come and start the day together. 
taking a walk 
Payday! 
Waking up with my kids this morning. 
The sun came out and the weather was beautiful today. 
Test drove a couple of cars 
eric still being in my life, his level headedness…his gentle and steadfast friendship…his rational nature…is kindness…. 
had a nice comforting shower, with no problems whatsoever! 
Discovering Hudson Grill and having a good dinner with my wife. 
my beautiful toddler son, Noah. 
so very grateful for my Mom, she always puts things in perspective for me when I cannot see the whole picture. 
My mom being there for me and taking care of the house. 
got to sleep in today. 
sharing coffee with a friend 
I have Kevin here to do the cooking and the dishes...one less chore off my plate. 
being alive today and everyday! 
God allowed me to get up and move, not being in the hospital have made it throw the year with out needing a blood transfusion it has been a little over a year. 
woke up smiling 
updated a spreadsheet for the bamit academy. 
Jason's willingness to make our marriage work. 
have my grandchild stormy back in my life 
jump 
dreamed about my mother and woke up remembering it 
Getting to accomplish my career and family goals 
laughed with one of the mothers on my route about a possum 
When my husband pitches in while I'm away for business. 
wrapped the pipes so they won't freeze tonight. 
went to the wig center 
Coming home for lunch and seeing my daughter. 
Kids and beening able to pay my bills. 
my apartment is warm when it is so cold outside. 
Spinning class 
helping my dad take his natural medicines to improve his memory. 
hugs from one of my students 
Came up with a couple of very good Christmas gifts for people on my list. 
Laurie appreciates me. 
Teenagers living at home 
my fancy bed frame 
my husband who loves me and is good to me. 
being able to watch the news since Jimmy fixed my cable 
my husbands knowledge to help get restaurant going again. 
my health 
Charles, duh. 
My good health and ability to work. 
frito kisses 
My daughters hugs and kisses when she returns from weekends,knowing that she misses me 
cat slept on my lap 
Therapy 
The first thing that brightened my day was when my husband came home from work. 
Finished my paper and turned it with 45 minutes to go. 
Enjoyed Christmas lights 
I have a supportive boyfriend who makes sure I express myself. 
don't have to worry about (most) past classes and the grades associated with them. 
Finishing my workout. 
Today, I am thankful for the completion of my Christmas shopping from the comfort of my couch. 
I was driving to work, my personal theme song "Who's that Lady" by the Isley Brothers came on. 
spoke to shaindi 
to spend time with my brothers. 
Waking up to my newborn's smiling face. 
Singing 
being greeted by teachers where I subbed today. 
won a scrabble game 
Buying St. Nick favors for my daughter 
stood up for myself in a congenial and firm way with kathy and said i could only do music for 2 hours, not 2 and a half. 
My manager complimented a product example I had shared with them 
the love and support of my husband. 
sleeping in 
learning something new at work 
I have a job. 
My mom's willingness to help whenever necessary - she cooked dinner to thank me for helping her. 
Spending the evening with my husband. 
To be honest, reading another chapter of the really good book I'm on. 
feel thankful that my husband is spending time fixing our house 
Shelly 
My son completed a lot of his homework tonight, which is often a struggle. 
got to train with Kim for the first time, on a topic I truly care about, and am still advancing my skills on. 
completed decorating Alice's Christmas tree lights in order for her to finish with the ornaments, It took all day as the tree was pre-assembled with lights that were all wrong. 
wednesday nights with Myrrha and Tom. 
The water softner got fixed. 
Kirsten brought my finished Yule dress and it came out beautiful! 
Went to AA Meeting 
the presence of Azure and Mikey in our house. 
Seeing my dog curled up beside me in bed. 
my dog, Tiki. 
Holding my little puppy 
my neice and nephew who are young. 
my little girls performance at the festival of trees 
i have a place to live 
my friend 
getting to the gym and using the treadmill for a great session 
My boyfriend bought me new dishes 
woke up this morning. 
When I accomplished part of my merchandise sorting, getting shirts singled out, rolled up, and sorted by size. 
I was allowed to rest and let my body recuperate from this illness. 
The 1st thing that brightened my day was ... I woke up and felt like i had a good nights sleep. 
the first thing that brightened my day was seeing my girls faces. 
Justin is so fiscally responsible. 
used to welcome verbal abuse from partners. 
though I often feel sore or tight, I am currently uninjured. 
There were a couple great poems in poetry class today. 
My friend came to my house to visit. 
There was a snow day today, I knew that meant spending time with my son and nephews! 
to have Heidi to help me work thru the questions I have and to hopefully help me find the answers I seek. 
my family that is helping me pull through this hard time in my life 
My family's love and support 
1. 
ran into my old friend Kalise at the market today. 
getting my homework done was gratifying. 
was able to get Lily picked up and not late 
Learned my Mom was moving in with her friend 
My Boss and his Wife invited me to their home to learn to make his special family cookies for the holidays. 
Ahuja's lecture - happy to know I'm on the right track, and that someone else might be a resource to support me in finding the next way to go 
Invitation to Cirque Du Soleil 
Got tax forms 
finally took care of coloring my hair... and I didn't make a mess! 
A friend helped me out in the time of losing my job 
Grateful for having such a good friend in need. 
taking my daily notes. 
Tim came over for a long visit with Dan. 
My supervisor and I had a meaningful conversation about our lives and who we are. 
My children and husband 
Olivia has been really nice to me and inspires me to keep going 
Ik ben dankbaar en blij nu dat mijn dochter alleen teruggefietst is door de storm 
Glenn kept telling me how great it was to wake up to me in the morning 
My wife and I had just put our little guy down to bed and we started decorating the Christmas tree. 
building things 
my family. 
today i am grateful i was able to leave work to meet my wife at hospital to get the baby checked outi am really grateful that baby was ok 
living with my dad and his drinkingtoday i am grateful i can love my dad but not live with the tension of his drinking 
met Alison at the co-op and she cared about my wallet. 
Meeting a friend and talking to him, discussing and laughing about 
made it to toastmasters on time 
was able to talk over Skype with Tony, which meant we got to see each other for the first time in about a month. 
Having a strong family 
a caring and supportive family. 
having my mothers planning skills to think ahead for a move. 
Receiving a message from Susan M. reminding me that I am a good person, that love is around me and what I think and feel I will get back from the universe 
woke up in a good mood 
My new chair 
being invited to lunch 
Matt 
Make my work project 
I can earn some extra income that gives us more oportunities 
Arguments with Nathan. 
My mother called me to have lunch with me and go shoe shopping. 
Cereals with soya milk 
watching my boy play ball hockey. 
felt mellow about my son getting up for school. 
fixing myself up to go out to do errands 
The first thing that brightened my day was finding out my phone isn't officially cut off until the end of the business day today. 
received compliments from an unexpected source. 
Completed part of my shopping for groceries 
Grateful to have a job 
Waking up alive! 
My cough is getting better 
the friends that have been there for me in my loss 
i can homeschool Ina and that she is a pleasure to be with! 
The thought of helping Missy get a puppy 
was able to make an eyeglass appointment. 
made my son breakfast... happy his tummy is full 
A hug 
My son reached out to his Father when he was struggling...Dad called to tell me about it 
spent the day with my best friend 
paid bills which was weighing on my mind. 
heard from friend 
good job 
Did a Christmas tree craft with Henry. 
a couple of my favorite patients came in to the clinic and were happy to see me. 
called a friend to check on her and her pet who was ill 
Carl worked out his rent problem with the owner today. 
having fun at work 
My family 
Katie was happy to see me. 
chocolate covered potato chips 
Everyone saying hello and good morning 
being able to complete the functions of my job 
Quality time with my dad today. 
Day off 
My MotherNot taking things for grantedThe true love of nature. 
was able to wash me car even though I knew there was an ice storm coming in last night. 
my kid's That they love me unconditional, and I show them how much I love them every day. 
great tasting cup of coffee, house was warm 
My fiance. 
Sgt. Tibetts smile 
my kids do not have problems with learning in school. 
woke up. 
A safe place to live 
my ex husband 
seeing my dad's smile 
My Husband. 
Went for a run 
I woke up and can give thanks to God for another day. 
My Hershey 
have God on my side. 
know I did as well as I could on my test. 
my new home and my roommates, who are lovely and wonderful. 
the people at work. 
My new outfits 
have friends that like to knit 
to have friends i know i can call whenever i need a shoulder to lean on 
My home 
Warmth and safety 
relaxing first day back at work 
Cuddling with Bailey. 
my pet is happy and healthy. 
I finally got my carpets and sofa completely clean. 
my husband 
I went on a fun date with a fun guy. 
took care of my baby this morning, the best I could.I treated him with respect and gave him as much love as I could. 
Living in the greatest city in the world...because everything is at my fingertips: creative people, opportunity, endless inspiration, the ability to wander around with music and my thoughts. 
getting up early 
My warm beautiful girlfriend 
Brother told me car was unlocked, thus saving it getting stolen. 
receiving god, 
My children 
have all the time and equipment I need to paint and draw 
used to date this guy who I constantly worried about him cheating on me (turns out he was) now that he's out of my life I don't have that source of stress dragging me down! 
My mom did so much for me today! 
went to bought gift for ma colleague as it was his bday 
1. 
My daughter. 
friends coming over to spend time with us this evening. 
Was seeing Sienna and Henry in the morning. 
Good discussion with swimming coach. 
Family 
The two new TV's that Dad bought for the family. 
I am healthy 
Josh is very interested in basketball, he is a great part of the tim, Split today, I am so happy 
hit the gym and enjoyed it 
no pain this morning 
It was raining, so I got to sleep in late (since it's also Friday) and listen to it on the roof. 
I was able to participate in person with the christmas lighting in Boston. 
A photo text from Brawny 
karjalanpiirakka 
had one more time an brief exchange with him. 
Having the financial means to live comfortably and not have to budget nor deprive myself nor spend time worrying about finances. 
Friends at work 
got to work from home 
Introducing a new idea to my bosses at work and it getting accepted. 
The dogs greet me with wagging tails and always pleased to see me. 
Une belle visite avec mes clients 
The bay laurel tree in the backyard 
Dr. Jarmolowicz rated me as being in the top 5% of all categories he was asked about for my graduate application. 
Today I am grateful to have had the day off from. 
Lori said I work hard 
Paul wants to see me this weekend and share his friends Brian and Joan. 
having my own place 
Successfully completing my presentation. 
The first thing that brightens my day is seeing my dogs, and playing around with them. 
managed to get some sleep and wake up relatively well rested in time for the shopping delivery. 
used to worry that I would never get married and settled down, but I am now happily married. 
A friend at work went out of their way to help me get the specific crackers I wanted to buy for Christmas. 
slept quite well and almost didn't have any pain. 
living my dream- living IN a foreign land and experiencing different cultures. 
got up on Time & Got Washroom free :) my roomie was out in the living room...In dis chilling weather / winter morning i had a nice refreshing Hot water shower :) :) :) totally Bliss 
really grateful by the family I had when my own biological parents left me all alone. 
2day was a long sleeping day with my kandy-baby. 
no shouting to baby 
Joan brought me coffee. 
Waking up next to Nick. 
Someone said that they liked my style and the way I was dressed that day. 
Having a long walk in the park and spending time with myself 
My Kids are what make my life great. 
The weather is cold as winter is finally here. 
having friends who have stuck by me, even when I've pushed them away and been difficult 
Cocinar para el personal 
Meeting Willie and getting acquainted with work 
have someone extremely important in my life; I am in love, and can imagine a future together. 
Ellie, because she makes me laugh so much. 
The course at the school of philosophy i listened to and actively took part in. 
Supported a friend 
tried to help my sister handle the anxiety of having to perform in front of an audience as best as I could. 
spoke with an old friend who still believes in me even after many years being apart. 
Changing my mum's life toward a better future, causing her to leave an unhealthy relationship with my dad, and take her life and mine more seriously. 
My mom 
Gaining USA work experience 
My in-laws 
feel grateful that I can call my mom and dad every day and explain my feelings to them and talk to them about what I am doing and what I am thinking of doing 
Yesterday I went to volunteer at the animal shelter I volunteer at. 
1. 
don't have to deal with bullying teachers. 
drove myself to hike. 
Great concert in Roundtop 
Met with Molly downtown 
Having a home, great husband, great son 
really grateful and relieved to have written all christmas cards and bought some christmas presents already - in good time this year! 
The weather was nice and sunny yesterday and today which always puts me in a good mood. 
taking a walk to the supermarket with a colleague 
miminhos do ricardo 
Being alive & healthy. 
Thankful that I have a pair of lovely twins to go home to. 
have a roof over my head and a supportive family 
When I dropped my pen cap and didn't feel like picking it up and someone picked it up for me. 
didnt reallly do anything today 
Eating breafast toghether 
Katie and I went to Loaded Joe's 
so grateful for Dave and his beautiful energy and how he keeps me on track seeing the good things. 
Consegui perceber a matemática para explicar ao Diogo 
The little kitty from the house next door 
made Eddie smile 
Thinking what the day will bring as far as a place to live 
gym 
Having a home 
worked on Capsule. 
Nothing happend 
my family, my friends, my pet 
Waking up next to 
Luna 
was productive with school work 
My life is great because I can be independent and take care of myself instead of constantly taking care of others. 
have a coworker to share things with. 
Somebody opened the door for me while I had my hands full. 
Receiving a compliment on my hair do. 
Food makes my life great, because I cherish every bite. 
got an 80% or higher on the final SHRM test I needed to, and met my deadline. 
My Pets. 
Rachel, BJ, Ben, and EmaleeAnne. 
Grateful for a husband that helps me at home with cooking, cleaning, and is a great Dad. 
My wife and I awoke to a lovely intimate lovemaking session this morning. 
Mumma made breakfast & lunch. 
my children 
my boyfriend 
and great full to have found the most precious think in life- LOVE - is a key driver, my family supporting me in my choices and looking forward on what the future will hold. 
my incredible husband. 
was able to delete all 4,500-plus pictures on my iPhone and transferred them to my PC. 
Bob asked me how I was doing. 
talk with my coach about health 
started writing instructions for my colleagues to make their and clients' life easier when i'm gone 
Elisa mentioned how it was great to see me on the weekend. 
Friend sent his drunk rantings to me. 
Desiree in my life. 
and my husband helped with the kids 
Danish is a blessing. 
told I would be able to move forward on the interview process at Amazon 
to have really good friends and family to support and encourage me. 
True friend always willing to help me out. 
my loving family. 
Dreams. 
helping people 
My husbandMy childrenMy friends 
Spending time with Jackson yesterday. 
Har ett underbart förhållande 
Getting a hug from my mom and forgiveness 
tried going to a yoga class for the first time, and it was challenging but enjoyable. 
Seeing the snow fall on my drive to work 
ate breakfast and didn't skip it like usual 
I got one extra day at home 
had a day off from work 
O acordar da minha sobrinha 
ayude a mi hermana 
was happy I put windshield fluid in my car this morning. 
Mike helping with housework without being asked. 
drove for three days cross-country from Maryland to New Mexico, and I thought my car was leaking coolant and had to call AAA. 
Henrik var söt när han kom upp 
woke up very early and realized I had the day off. 
Today, I'm thankful that I was able to wake up on time, Radnor middle school was snow delayed, and I could get some work done on my paper first thing in the morning and look at the beautiful snow 
Waking up early and the sunlight 
my sobriety 
Mom is always there. 
Got accepted into americorps!!!! 
Got to see my mom 
Ron, caring for me and looking after me when i felt down and the puppies for being cute and furry 
I have my nice warm electric blanket. 
Being supported by two great friends. 
My mom sent me a text checking on me. 
being excited to exercise daily 
got to clean my house 
Having my family and friends as a support system 
my parents ,sis,bro-- a great family . 
my daughters 
sunshine 
very thankful for my family. 
have a spouse who supports me in more ways than I can count. 
The fact that I slept very long and had a chillaxed start into the day. 
My mother who is always worried for me 
got my credit card...finally i went to bank today.. 
to work in an environment where growth and challenge are encouraged. 
Jim took the time to put up outdoor christmas lights, even though he was tired. 
My family. 
The first thing that brightened my day was finding happify and playing the hot air balloon game to focus on positive words. 
Waking up this morning 
Day at home reading from Beirut to Jerusalem 
My boyfriend took care of me when I wasn't feeling very well. 
I got an evening to myself last night. 
our beautiful, happy, healthy children. 
being alive in this day and age. 
Having a great wife and two great dogs…living in our own house and getting to make it look better every day. 
Grateful for waking up to another day.Working on my goalsPlaying the word game on facebookMy Husband and I are getting along betterRiana 's grade in health is a 91 she repoetedd to me. 
I have life at all. 
Sally was there to listen to me and try to dissuade my negative thoughts when I received a SUPER mean email from a girl that doesn't even know me. 
my cat came and curled up in my lap and loved on me. 
Lunch with friends 
My son is a helpful and grateful boy. 
so glad we have paid off our old credit card debt. 
to live in a rural area where I can walk in nature. 
Husband/Family 
my health and my son's health. 
My daughter helping straighten up the living room. 
My daughter and I had a snow day. 
woke up feeling better, more energy 
Today I was grateful that the dresses I ordered actually fit and I felt confident with my body for the first time in 6 months. 
My StarBucks coffee 
waking up to a good cup of coffee 
husband 
Canned 3 batches of apricot jam this morning 
Getting off of work at 2:15pm. 
A prayer 
woke up with the illusion on working on listing book 
Waking up to the sun shining 
able to work with some very kind nurses 
A great job and a great boss. 
My children 
woke up 
Timothy being amazing and cleaning the dishes from cooking last night 
I have a supportive husband and such a sweet daughter who gives me no problems 
Someone called me pretty. 
Our heater is working again, keeping us warm in this cold snap. 
Holly threw a tantrum, and I simply smiled, picked her up under my arm, and walked out laughing. 
Lots of love and kind words from friends 
made love to Molly 
The first thing that brightened my day was my nice, warm shower that I took this morning. 
My religion. 
employment. 
My coffee and kissing my husband. 
My cute little puppies 
so grateful for a slow say at work, allowing me time to get ahead on school projects for once! 
my husband who works so hard to provide for his family. 
When we were super poor. 
Everybody was very nice at the Drs office 
someone believes in me and wants to help me 
was having some legal difficulties that were resolved after a long period of time. 
My daughters, Star and Lara.. 
txts from the kids 
1. 
Bringing pepper for walks, spending time with Tim, and reading. 
waking up with my grandson 
To have a roof over my head. 
have loving family and support around me. 
my friends who make me laugh 
having day off 
made some good money. 
my apartment 
Talked to Jerry 
waking up and having my husband meet me at the bottom of the stairs to hug me. 
getting stuff done 
Being able to share my feelings with Josh 
My family 
The first thing that brightened my day was my decision to call into work and hang out with my kitty who was neutered the day before. 
life 
My son didn't make the start of the morning harder then it is. 
Doing the dishes 
My SO checked with the post office today about mail that has been held for us. 
wife 
made it thru my interview without an attack 
my boyfriend Danny. 
my sister! 
Getting to see all the instructors at ADM 
The ability to sleep in until 8am and not wake up throughout the night. 
Getting to spend time with my brother 
my car. 
my job chart that helps me communicate better with my mom 
Snowdays! 
TODAY HAS BEEN A LITTLE BAD 
my Salvation 
my house even though it leaks 
got to work safely, it was snowing and I was nervous about the drive. 
My life is great because I have a family who loves me. 
woke up 
spending time with my daughter 
my children 
A supportive husband who keeps me grounded. 
Bad marriage #2 - no longer walking on eggshells and wondering what will walk in the door at the end of the day. 
got a few extra minutes of sleep that was much needed 
A great yoga studio with socializing after class today. 
Jackie's car accident. 
Yoga - hugging Tanya, seeing many people I know, getting into a hard pose, enjoying the flow of the poses and my breath. 
My good morning phone call from friend 
woke safe and sound 
My children 
I have a job and I have income coming in. 
Not freaking out on that jerk with the dog 
I have my kitties 
Receiving my new Build-a- bear in the mail 
my son's smiling face when he woke up 
Eating pizza for the first time in 6 months. 
Being Child of God! 
Took kid to school in ice, no issues driving. 
Able to pick up daughter's car without paying too much 
Finished my first final. 
Talking My Mate on the Phone this Morning 
Getting to sleep in and spend a little time with mike this morning. 
waited in the parking lot for my favorite song to finish playing and my friend pulled up next to me. 
got up and did Yoga for a few minutes. 
My daughter woke up and came running from her room, quietly.. and snuggled under the blankets on the couch with me. 
My husband had a colonoscopy today. 
talking to my niece this morning about her day off from school. 
arranged to have my hair cut for Locks of Love. 
seeing my grandbaby 
have a great little boy. 
My husband and I played together on the basketball court at the YMCA. 
Our apartment is warm, cozy and affordable. 
My family, as crazy as they are, as much as I sometimes wish I lived half a continent away, are what gives my life joy and meaning. 
Mi esposo y mi hija.Que mi mamá esté tan pendiente de mi.Tener a Madrid ahí. 
woke up with my husband´s kiss the happines of my dog and feeling a lil better. 
Playing with my dog, Earl, on the bed when I woke up. 
living in the US. 
i have a warm, lit home full of food 
my customer made me feel appreciated 
My rug is finally vacuumed, and the Thanksgiving roaster is put away. 
Having to participate in an online training session, because it meant the place I work values me enough to make sure I succeed. 
A hug from my husband 
CalmHe can talk me out of a panick attack, make me see the mole hill instead of the mountain, reminds me to smell the roses and enjoy the little things. 
Family Photos and videosPriceless, what else could describe family memories 
My husband loves to make me laugh. 
My hubby is spending his first Christmas without his mom, she past away a couple of months ago. 
Texting with a few friends to make plans for the week. 
IT has been a long time since I was able to muster the energy and motivation to organize my paperwork. 
My mother in law, cousin, and sister coming out to my bridal alterations appointment on such short notice. 
Not being in an abusive relationship. 
so grateful my dog, Barnaby is feeling better. 
The first thing that brightened my day was when I purchased a pair of socks (its been a while, and they are very comfortable.) 
Seeing my son this morning and him telling me he loves me 
My dogs seemed lazy and content. 
My home is warm and cozy. 
guess you would have to have a good day or something good happen to be able to answer these 
My computers 
My hard working husband 
Deb Warner gave said nice things to me about my review 
thinking about my dad 
Having a bed 
found a mother's day out program with space available for Charlotte 
was able to confirm I can start my maternity leave on the 20th instead of the 27th 
woke up to being cuddled 
Someone wished me a happy belated birthday 
having a home with no mortgage. 
I didn't have to work today because of the snow. 
People. 
Greeting the colors of pink,white &mellow yellow in the sky on this chilly morn,in God's County..I'm here to thrive and still alive! 
I Justin calls me every day in some way. 
1. 
messaged Logan and thought he was cool. 
My hubby gave me a kiss before going to work and spent home time with our dog, Misty a Multzue. 
chatted with a guy 
got along well with Brian and we worked well as a team. 
1. 
have a great sister that understands me. 
the sun was shining all day. 
my cat playing 
a happy and easy dinner with M & A. 
Good morning tweets from a favorite friend 
Allison 
was able to help a co-worker with some stress she was having. 
it did not snow a whole bunch and i had to shovel snow 
1. 
My son called and told me he brushed his teeth. 
my husband my best friend 
cooking with my son and making roasted pumpkin seeds 
A quick drive to work 
Having peace and quiet after a long day at work. 
no longer worry about a car payment and credit card bills to pay each month. 
how my family makes me feel comfortable when I'm having anxiety. 
The help that mom gives me with Sofia 
My Son because he brings happiness into my life and without him I would have no one. 
Figuring out a bug in Aspire and fixing it 
hearing i miss you 
growth 
Having my manager smile and say thank you for something was not my job to do. 
when jenna told me i was funny cause i made her laugh playing silly games with her 
my new dishwasher 
woke up excited to get to work and with a to-do list forming in my mind. 
Waking up to a brightly shining sun is always a good thing. 
was able to get some of our Christmas decorations up today with the help of the boys. 
Christmas cards on my desk from co-workers and friends always make me smile, easy days at work when it is more fun than stress 
Being a mother is my proudest accomplishment. 
arrived early at work, got a good start to my day and felt responsible for doing so. 
gratitude for another day 
all my crowns fit 
the opportunity to have read some of my students' stories. 
my facebook happy birthday messages 
my son 
Making a joke about how many elevators arrived all at once in the morning. 
so grateful for Griff, my dog. 
I had the chance to spend time with Suzie in LA, and San Diego. 
The peace and quiet is one thing that i am thankful for, after seeing what other deal with. 
Finally falling asleep 
have a wonderful, loving husband who takes care of me and loves me for exactly who I am! 
sleeping 
Breakfast time with daughter 
My beautiful daughters face. 
my life, just to be able to wake up and live a new life is amazing. 
My son got a free frappachino at starbucks 
God...for always being my rock 
having my family although my mom passed away close to 2 years ago I know she is at rest and watching over us. 
husband 
I have a great home to live in 
My husband came home 
first thing that brightened my day was I got average on my ECE 333 exam 
my husband 
I had a day off. 
I was able to accomplish a number of tasks that have been weighing me down, all in this past week. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that fact that my client was so nice. 
did some research on things we could do for indoor recess (I work with kindergartners) and found a really fun dancing website. 
Making Alexander laugh. 
Had a pleasant morning with the kids, and I was patient!(no fighting!) 
My husband is a forgiving 
my grandchild Zoey was very happy to help me make soup and it was a nice bonding time for us. 
Depositing my pay check. 
A job 
putting up tree before husband got home 
my sister and i decided that 2014 is going to be double rainbows all the way! :) that made me happy... you know, to look forward to the future with optimism 
My Husband 
My hair looked good! 
days of clouds, the sun came out. 
bought and put together an entertainment center for my winter room. 
don't have to go to a job right now. 
enjoyed the smoothie I had for lunch today. 
1. 
Having a job. 
God loves me and forgives me for all my mistakes. 
the time to simply rest on the couch 
took Merlin to the park. 
samara did her schoolwork without too much trouble. 
maddie wasn't badly hurt after jumping on the fireplace 
School is finished 
My son singing the beatles to me 
Kaitlyn told me a dream that she had last night 
I have the opportunity to live in a home with little cost. 
still have both my parents 
Got my back bedroom cleaned out and organized. 
the wonderful home me and the kids live in 
Willie lets the pets in with only a little griping. 
Seeing my dog wag his tail as I woke up 
Friends attending my class and benefiting from it. 
My daughter waking up in the morning with a big smile and "good morning mommy". 
Lennox tried to help me by putting the lights on the Christmas tree by himself. 
had a fun morning with elliot before we went to school. 
talking to an old friend 
having my son home 
my cats 
music in the car….KING OF KINGS 
got the house cleaned 
Jerry fixed my tire 
babies 
Having a good job 
My day was brightened by both my daughters being here for breakfast on Christmas day. 
My fiance is VERY helpful around the house and did chores while I was away. 
the cats are feeling better. 
my family's health. 
have a roof over my head 
THE FIRST THING THAT BRIGHTENED MY DAY WAS BEING INVOLVED IN THE PLANNING FOR KMT 
Pete 
God provided work for our company with the snowfall and enabled us to keep our men working before Christmas and to build us up financially. 
had lunch with my friend, Linda, and it was a great conversation and activity. 
Saying "hi" to the kitty 
got a present for David. 
Getting through the To Do List so quickly this morning really picked up my mood to get me on the right track for the day. 
grapefruit at maint. 
Message from Ryan 
having the privilege of seeing my grandchildren often 
every morning I am able to get up, lot's of people can't get up everyday without help. 
GRATEFUL FOR MY LIFE 
Family 
Had a nice lunch with a friend. 
Melbourne is such a good dog, and never poops in the house. 
Getting to the teacher training finishing line 
Glad my friend e invited me over to make photos - very fun timez. 
going to the goodwill 
Kids/Family. 
Kiss from my kids 
seeing old friends at work 
my wife's acceptance in our current arrangement even when she and I aren't happy about it. 
Kolaches from a vender 
cope with individuals with horrible work ethic at work everyday and I am getting better and better at coping with it. 
Grateful for my family coming home safely 
I was able to get the counter some what cleaned off. 
Today started out with Gracie sleeping in. 
being a mom and having my children pick me. 
my children for the fact they are healthy and happy. 
Group went well. 
Being able to see all of the beauty around me and the people who I love. 
to have a roof over my head 
Positive Facebook comments about my trip to ny and new profile pictures 
My husband got my dog's medication, without me reminding him or setting it all up for him! 
What really makes my life great is knowing that Jesus saved me and loves me for who I am. 
Jeremy 
was very grateful to go to work today and see the kids that I teach on a daily basis. 
The sun came out today...always brightens my day 
started my art journal 
Dishes done, nice talk w/ boyfriend, resolved issues about accounts 
I was able to cook, pack, and prepare for our family vacation and that we are able to go on a vacation this year that we were not able to take last year. 
my son is doing well and has been very helpful. 
a warm home and enough food to meet my needs. 
My family 
Creating acorn squash gnocchi 
the first thing that brightened my day was talking with brianna! 
When I sent a message to my kids to remind them to study my son responded with a message that he was watching silly tv. 
Grateful for the nice employees at the diner who made me feel welcome. 
completed a task of getting medsmade it to the gyma friend is following me on instagramcompleted grocery shopping 
My niece and nephew. 
The kids were so excited about the snow outside. 
Opening my garage door to find a winter frost. 
my likes on my Cabo photos on Facebook 
Being able to pay off my rent 
Travis prepared a great dinner 
Jeanna is going to have her baby 
my girlfriend baught a lman a bag of grocerys 
I was given another project at work because that might mean good things to come. 
My kids 
seen my son and he was happy healthy and alive here with me in the house. 
My students really tried hard today and everyone did quite well! 
The first thing that brightened my day was when I already checked out of Wal-Mart after doing some grocery shopping when a Wal-Mart employee came over and put her umbrella over me to make sure I did not get wet going to the truck and putting the groceries in the truck. 
Beautiful sunny day. 
My kids 
My husband having dinner made when I got home. 
my husband's help around the house 
A student (Ella) was able to make her speech sounds in simple words independently! 
Getting an email from a team member about a project that I am collaborating on. 
amanda dropped off cat food 
G. 
My mom said she was coming out to visit me for ren fare! 
lunch 
Laughing with my coworkers over "Ugly sweater day" 
My husband told me he loved me 
I don't have two black eyes from hitting a wall last night. 
don't have to worry about negativity in my romantic relationship. 
kids kept themselves occupied while I cleaned the iguana cage. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up on time without an alarm clock. 
The first thing that brightened my day was the fact that we went shopping for Christmas decorations for the office. 
waking up this morning 
The first thing that brightened my day was watching the birds with Truby. 
Jim who sees past my insecurities and has gotten to know the true me. 
My first 2 sets of articles seem to have gone through without a hitch, and they have been paid for : ) 
No homework today 
Ginno called me ma 
least my diabetic son lived past the years the doctor's said he wouldn't , and i see him often.he is safe for now and under care so that is one plus. 
1. 
One thing that brightened my day was finding out that Lauren took Friday off in anticipation of my (and Rudy's) visit. 
My coworkers are super nice 
running into Lynn at meeting and spending time together 
Seeing my daughter happy. 
to have good friends: Jess, Alyssa, June, Wendy, Andy, Bill... 
My kids 
my family including my dogs. 
my son even though he drives me crazy sometimes 
my job 
Seeing a cardinal and a blue jay together in the driveway. 
my family, friends and netflix 
I have so many friends that uplifted me with prayers and encouragement during my finals 
My friend telling me how much she appreciated me. 
Waking up to enjoy the new day and a new adventure 
My kitten, Peachy. 
Cleaned the spice closet out and straightened the computer cabinet and organized gifts 
plants and pets healthy 
had a short but sweet exchange with an old friend on email. 
Kids 
my talk with God he always helps he takes my sadness away. 
was very happy that I got through commenting on all of my students' drafts and that many of them were insightful and creative. 
everyone at work were nice and welcoming 
Hugging my daughter. 
The first thing I am grateful for is the fact that I have met some really great people over the internet that make me laugh and think about what the things I want in my life instead of what someone else wants. 
When everyone is home and we are all getting along. 
married to the man of my dreams. 
Finding out that I did not fail in my project. 
laughter 
made christmas fruitcakes...with rum! 
I survived cancer 
my headache going away. 
Was able to have lunch with people I like 
The first thing that brightened my day today was when my migraine headache finally went away. 
was given new responsibilities. 
made a cappucino 
my children, they give me a reason to keep moving. 
have fun at work 
Went to lunch with friends 
Got good news from a froend 
We are not homeless 
My Daughter had such a good day no major outbursts and played so well on her own. 
my daughter wanted to come home instead of being away 
I am healthy. 
finished all classes. 
was able to snuggle with Levi for a long time today. 
K - wrestling and playing with Biggies; S - wrestling and playing with mom 
Psalm 100 ~ Make a joyful noise unto the LORD! 
the opportunity to spend time with my grandchildren 
Gardening 
Susan shared her lunch with me. 
had extra time with my son today due to a snow day 
being able to work in a creative field 
Calls from and to Sarah 
How the pines looked wearing their snow, their ice. 
was able to spend time with my big girls and see their beautiful smiles and listen to how their days were. 
Playing with my youngest daughter. 
unexpected massage 
Building a warm fire. 
I believe in Jesus Christ and believe that my family and I are saved. 
made the lady in starbucks laugh 
got to conference with colleagues over a delicious lunch. 
Waking up 
having a job. 
1. 
Morgan making a delicious dinner tonight, like he does so many nights (and I was able to eat it without feeling too sick). 
posted some pictures on face book and recived some very nice complements 
an easy morning getting my kids off to school. 
Getting messages from friends encouraging me. 
an overly understanding wife 
sophie loves me soo much with kisses 
my family, their love and support. 
got an e-mail from my customer that he didn't need to return the item he bought after all 
my children, grandchildren 
Second to last day of finals. 
My English professor told me that I am intelligent. 
today for my daughter hanging out with me all day and taking me to lunch. 
The first thing that brightened my day was being off from work. 
Michael and most of the Melrose Pharmacy staff told me I looked cute. 
Meeting a great life partner online this week and in person. 
gratful our truck hasn't brock yet.needs 
Having a patient boss. 
1. 
Getting some sunshine on my face. 
my family. 
My new best friend. 
My friend Sherri, took Joey to daycare for me. 
seeing the smiles on my kids faces. 
Seeing Kenz at breakfast this morning. 
My son made me laugh about how he and his friend were shoveling snow and had an incident with an elderly lady. 
my son and being able to play with and see him smile. 
Thinking about Lauren coming to me last evening. 
KIVA 
Knowing I am my own person. 
Snow day 
woke up feeling rested. 
had a great nap 
to have a job with great benefits that earns me respect in the community and uses my skills well 
Gramma came out of the hospital 
My best friend coming back into my life 
sled riding and playing in the snow with Bryan. 
Javier sent me a txt for my bday 
fortunate to have a mother who suportts me and helps me when I am in need 
I was able to see both of my children today. 
My old job was stressful and made me quite unhappy. 
I was able to connect with and help the pt today and provide her with a great level of care. 
no longer have to worry about finding a job in my field and struggling as hard as I was. 
Healthy family 
My kids smiling faces 
woke up 
Having a purpose 
my "Boogie~Bear" is HERE. 
Volunteers Signed up and responded to e-mail invites 
A coworker told me I needed new clothes because I've lost 60 pounds and I should show off the hard work. 
have a lovely home, for which I'm grateful. 
my oldest daughter quickly turns to me to share her trials and triumphs -- today was a triumph. 
My morning went well 
warm home 
Penny's big hug and cuddle this morning. 
Getting a text 
That Hannah does my laundry 
have so many goals that I work at and achieve 
My Cats, and friends and family. 
woke up 
My dog learned to pee on the porch. 
Waking up refreshed. 
junior my puppy 
cleaning my room 
My cay wanted to cuddle. 
Mike Long 
The first things that brightened my day was when my daughter came in my room to snuggle with me this morning. 
Students who do work 
don't have anything that I don't have to worry about. 
my pets making me smile 
A bad principal 
Knowing my students actually cared about their science fair participation 
Grateful for the boys 
Getting married 
being able to help my daughter today 
Texting with Rachel when I got up - it was a good time to exchange with her since she was donating plasma and sitting still. 
1. 
feeling good when I woke up 
my husband's job 
my sister Pat is feeling better in which I love to take care of her each and everyday. 
Being homeless. 
started feeling better...getting over a head cold 
Grateful for my kids. 
The sisters and brother excited about the mischief of the elf on a shelf. 
Slept in. 
found out that I am finally getting a new heating/AC unit through AHIP and social services because I could not afford to buy it on my own.... 
got out the door this morning early enough without feeling stressed. 
Having a loving husband 
My husband, for supporting me, and understanding me, and wanting good things in my life. 
My Christmas lights are beautiful. 
have awesome friends. 
we were warm and dry in the storm 
Sleeping in 
Sleepovers w/ my great niece Mya 
getting a real tree 
to have roommates with whom I can share my life and just be myself, knowing I'm loved even in the bad moments. 
I got to wake up and snuggle with my child this morning! 
Getting rid of stuff I donated finally 
Being with people who accept me as I am. 
be good with my partner and planing our furture 
waking up with my loves 
My manager considered me for a new and a better task 
My husband is very supportive---I have 3 healthy children and good friends 
yesterday watching tv with grandma in her room :) It was fun. 
really grateful that i got the news about my cousin's well being after a critical operation. 
Securing a Job. 
went and worked out. 
Finding this on the internet: http://www.buzzfeed.com/ariellecalderon/dogs-having-a-way-worse-day-than-you 
windows that let the light shine in to my home and let me look outside. 
don't have to worry about being in an abusive home anymore 
Dave is always there to go out of his way to put a smile on my face. 
found out that although I have only lost 2 pounds in my weight, my body fat percentage went from 30% to 24%! 
-having slept the whole night not Worrying about bedbugs 
My wonderful daughter who I love very much. 
seeing my twins playing together and laughing. 
a strong marriage 
my sense of humor makes my life great. 
had a few extra hours at home and an easy commute to work and home. 
My (current) bills are paid. 
got to spend time with Tony because he wasn't making dinner, and I wasn't upstairs alone. 
my son Clint. he has & continues to teach & remind me that each of us have our own path to learn what we need in the life & be successful & fullfilled. 
My puppy licking my face in the morning, 
When I arrived at work, I received my secret santa gift, which happened to be a white chocolate starbucks doubleshot energy drink. 
I got to spend four days with my children and husband snowbound 
have creative outlets 
GOD! 
creative and skilled in lots of things. 
When my family comes together for a meal and we all laugh and enjoy each other. 
making much needed calls. 
A beautiful sunrise, and the sun on the mountains across Lake Washington on my way to work 
I have a day off to myself. 
My son 
my son. 
Talking to Jason. 
1. 
my commute was shorter than yesterday 
Kole was able to solve his meltdown by himself. 
talking with my friend sherry 
My Home 
When I got shaky I didn't run, but just let it happen with the help of Claire. 
Andrea and I created a holiday door. 
1. 
My Kids. 
my man 
the friends and family I have around me. 
The sun shone for a bit yesterday. 
first and for most i'm grateful to be alive, 
Greatful for my family and friends. 
self-care: Able to sleep late, stretch, connect, nourish holistically 
Matt getting up without a problem 
My dogs. 
Thankful that AJ came over yesterday and put up the shelves I needed. 
I have such a supportive and loving partner. 
Getting up in the morning and knowing that this was going to be a great day and that I will get a great workout as I walk to work. 
Having a good roommate 
My husband and my girls! 
very happy for Pilates, for Sam Glaes being such a good teacher, and I am happy for Roger's presence in my life. 
Sally came in to wake me up for my 9am pills. 
Text message from Robyn 
my husband who has been helping me take care of some care problems for my parents while they are out of town. 
Talked with a good friend on the phone 
I got to spend time with my co-workers talking about the holidays 
1. 
laughing with collegues 
winning 10 bux 
The first thing that brigntened my day was I got up early and rode my bike. 
My friend's recommendations of children's songs. 
my Husband getting through his stress test. 
i have a job. 
slept late 
My cat cuddled with me this morning 
have a home with a nearly full oil tank so that I can keep my home warm and cozy for myself and my guests. 
life and some of the people in it. 
have felt God's presence and known a feeling of deep peace. 
I have a job. 
seeing cali my cat 
woke up 
Listening to uplifting music 
seeing my kids in the morning 
to complete my semester 
Markee is sending me emails about tips for kids with ADHD 
no longer have to deal with school 
Mary asked me to lunch. 
old friends 
My kitty Ulysses purring laying next to me in the morning 
my job 
Family 
I can work from home. 
My friend picked my son up from school 
got to work early 
my kids are healthy and safeI'm thankful that my pets are happy and healthyI'm thankful to have a roof over my head, clothes on my back and the creature comforts that I do 
Leo telling me he love, love, loved me much, much, too! 
jasper 
The bath and body works people agreed to send me a replacement item for the gift that didn't come. 
volunteering 
The first thing that brightened my day was my daughter dancing into my bedroom to show me her beautiful long hair. 
Being with Ron. 
having my boyfriend and the life we have together. 
was able to get up early and go with Curtis this morning! 
my students are fun to be around. 
1 
a 
me eating my mom's spaghetti 
People in my cooperative in the game I'm playing on-line are talking and helping me to complete group goals. 
Jesus is my Lord and Savior, who died for me, to take away my sins, forever. 
was appreciated by my boss at work 
Waking up and having my coffee 
had a nice talk with a coworker 
A cute and sweet interaction between me and my wife. 
Making sure the family is taking care of. 
Cleaned the house 
woke up early before the sun rose feeling a sense of well being. 
Clean shower 
My housemates said hello and asked me how I was when I got home. 
Grateful for where I live. 
Living in the community I live in at the beach 
my home and what Rick and I made of it. 
Felt better today 
The ability to get out of bed and move around pain free. 
Liz being a solid best friend, even when I don't feel like being seen. 
It was sunny and nice out this morning. 
Greatful for my good kids. 
Family 
a place to live. 
My Malekai 
My students laughing. 
my children 
Merry is so smart. 
Adrian loves to tell stories. 
A HOME WITH A WARM BED I WAKE UP IN EVERY MORNING. 
danielle was rude to me for no reason, no fault of my own, only her fault and i stood up for myself and later on she apologized. 
to have two healthy children. 
cleaned apartment 
Travis finally booked his ticket to come to California and visit me! 
Work was fun and everyone got along very well. 
My sister. 
Today one of my students gave me a bracelet. 
Grateful for my kids. 
to still have my mother with me. 
When my son told me that I hadn't hugged him yesterday & he needed his hug. 
Seeing my husband and kids every day makes me happy. 
I've got help 
:-) 
have a nice place to live 
1. 
My sister understands my silliness, and though she may get on my nerves sometimes, she really gets me, loves me, and has the same appreciation for silliness. 
got flowers 
was able to help someone at work. 
Remembering we're moving back to the city!!! 
the fist thing that brighten my day was a wet kiss from my puppy Cleo. 
One thing that makes my life great is my son 
my mother has survived several strokes in the past 18 months. 
don't need to stress out about my older brother remaining single for the rest of his life. 
prayer time 
My oldest daughter decided to help me instead of fighting with me. 
got a call from my daughter and while her life is in chaos I realize that mine is not and I can control how much chaos I let in 
The first thing that brightened my day was feeling like I actually had something to say that was relevant to more than just a close handful of people. 
Hot coffee in the AM 
I have raised very wonderful daughters. 
Having breakfast with my Husband and then watch TV with him. 
my kitty on the foot of my bed when I woke up he was purring 
was surpised at how good it felt to help out my memeber. 
My cat Mingus purring 
The people who are in my life that do not judge me make life great. 
both creative and analytical, which allows me to see things from different perspectives. 
My children. 
Getting a new job. 
I am able to move back home to save some money and work on my debt. 
was waking up to my children.and 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my daughter smile at me when she saw me. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I got to spend it with my husband, on our terms. 
Book wrapping party with my team was nice. 
have 2 wonderful dogs that love me unconditionally and they can make me laugh by the silly things they do.. 
The lives of my children, my pets and myself. 
School was closed because of ice. 
gods love and being in love 
my family 
Talking with Moms at school 
The first thing the brightened my day was I got a one hour massage. 
seeing the little hummingbirds feeding 
Waking up and seeing that all the animals were warm in the house. 
Coming home to happy dogs that missed me while I was at work all night. 
FRIEND OFFERED TO BUY ME LUNCH 
The first thing that brightened my day was feeling that my ankle is starting to heal quickly and feel much better. 
getting out of the house. 
waking up to my family 
got most studying done for test 
My co-worker brought my team a Christmas card. 
decorating our christmas tree 
have a beautiful family and we are all healthy and together. 
My marriage 
My dogs sleep with me and they are the first thing usually to brighten my day 
spoke to Mike 
My hair actually looked decent 
Waking up to my cat snuggled up to me 
have a job 
Was happy to go forward with one of the complex solutions. 
seeing a pic of my grand daughter 
Sunshine! 
my sister woke me up in time to get to work without being late when my alarm failed to wake me up. 
married 
The first thing that brightened my day was the completion of my final exams. 
got paid extra for watching schmitty for two days 
was complimented on my cooking by two people today! 
was happy that my grandson was here to spend time with me. 
my daughter is alive after sunday 
having a roof over my head, food to eat, and clothes on my back 
The first thing that brightened my day was realizing i woke up. 
husband txt'd good morning wuvins 
woke up 
Got to tell the truth to someone and it help them feel better and me feel better too 
Grateful for the new coffee maker I received for my birthday, and the hot coffee that helped this morning doable. 
to have the love and support of a wonderful person in my life. 
Thank you letter from Melissa Doyle 
Worked on a piece of fiction 
Secretary was nice 
Nothing 
was able to successfully share my frustration with a superior . 
fuel to heat my home on a bitterly cold winter day. 
alive 
woke up alive 
woke up in a warm and comfortable place. 
Got my hair done, it looks nice. 
my health 
Saf was funny and made me laugh 
being intelligent 
My kids. 
I have parents who help me in a time of need. 
Osiris 
waking up and seeing my boys!!! 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up and praising God. 
My girlfriend Jennifer for being there for me and being patient with me 
BEING WITH SOMEONE WHO IS ABUSIVE 
Got Marti's radio show confirmed 
The first thing that made me happy was listening to music on Pandora when I got up to shower. 
Darlene cares so much about my feelings whenever I am down. 
That my walk to work today was quick and dry. 
My daughter 
didn't have to ask anyone for help with my skill oriented portion of work 
don't have to worry about an abusive boyfriend anymore! 
Seeing J.B. sitting and leaning against tree in front yard with Fly lying nearby. 
have never let bad relationships damage my belief that True love exists. 
My amazing children 
my dog jumping on my bed and picking on me to get up 
Getting a Christmas card in the mail. 
so grateful that I have an amazing supportive husband that helped me today getting the house ready to have the Maids come in and deep clean our house.. 
discovering i could load all my favorites on grooveshark 
signed up to work for Wendy's campaign. 
My Family. 
felt better after being sic the day before, my body recovered quickly. 
My healthy relationship with John and the love and relationship I have with my boys. 
was surprised that I was able to wake up relatively on time and I was also able to get to work on time. 
Going for vigorous distance walk. 
my children 
Son woke up happy and full of excitment 
did not wake up with a terrible headache. 
my family 
That I'm alive and kicking after a very troubled past 
alive. 
being able to get out of bed without hurting. 
I got to take a shower. 
I am still able to walk 
Kevin does the dishes. 
my husband shows his love with all of the little things he does to make my life easier. 
The kids went back to school, this took some stress off of me after a long couple of days 
Christine's hug for her not having to attend the EIU dinner. 
My husband does household chores. 
Being asked by Ashley how I was feeling today. 
waking up to snuggling dogs 
Seeing the sunshine shining brightly. 
Waking up next to Rudy 
personal pleasure 
to be out of the old apt, the SHACK 
granddaughters smile 
a husband who will move heaven and earth to ensure that i have what I need for a successful day. 
so grateful for my life - I have a job I love, very good health, and the ability to determine my own future and happiness. 
My ex-boss offered to write me a great recommendation to a company that he knows. 
Having been able to be involved in the lives of my children,as a Father,and daddy to them,and working hard to see that neither has ever gone without the things all kids need and deserve; Both parents in a loving home,with little fear or insecurity. 
was able to sleep in! 
1. 
work in a call center and on a day that should have been busy it was very slow. 
My sister and her daughter coming over 
My family is what makes my life great. 
laundry 
children 
Cuddling with Kaleb in the car... 
seeing lizzie have a great time on her playdate today 
My daughter getting off the bus from school 
my kids and all of the joys that they bring to my life. 
got up early and got ready for work in time 
I was able to offer DK my condolences about his mother. 
my Husband. 
my 3 yr old great grandson coming into my room whe 
my amazing husband. 
my friends were concerned about my daughter being sick. 
being able to get some things done at work 
did not have to drive to Seattle for an appointment 
had a bad day yesterday and my friends Jan and Jeannie sent me a pizza because I had burn the dinner 
Got my 19 year old daughter up and ready for school with time to spare. 
a chat with Deborah Riffin via skype 
woke up this morning ! 
made a caramel cake for someone at work, not terribly sure if it is going to be good or not but it smells awesome. 
even all of my money issues and inability to balance my own checkbook, I've got a place of my own and I love doing it. 
My marriage was something that I struggled and stressed about on a daily if not hourly basis. 
That I'm able to laugh at myself! 
One thing that makes my life great: I have rich, complex, and rewarding relationships with my family - especially my sibs! 
got a smilegot to leave earlygot to go shopping 
Email saying thanks from dean 
bought socks for my kids. 
I have a home that is paid for with ample room. 
Being a good nurse 
I am able to pay rent and keep my children safe and warm in this cold weather. 
Everyone in the house is affectionate and loves cuddling and hugging. 
My husband kissing me gently when I was still kind of asleep 
Hugs from my husband 
got to take a nice warm bath, wax my eyebrows and relax. 
When we all have time to spend together as a family. 
helped an older couple get the windows on their van closed....it was a rental, they had accidentally child locked them, and it was REALLY cold. 
Found bamboo feed 
being able to do something important for my daughter. 
Waking up and petting my kitty. 
Help from family, friends, and other sources. 
Seeing my daughter feeling better from being sick with the flu 
MY HEALTH IS SOME WHAT BAD BUT i 'M THANKFUL FOR IT. 
My toddler did a funny thing that was unexpected and it made me laugh. 
REalizing I had taken a step forward in getting this video done. 
my son 
all my family 
Add on Patient! 
got my laundry done. 
It's Saturday! 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my granddaughter. 
My husband. 
This morning my youngest son text me to say good morning. 
well, i do this all of the time anyway. 
getting to work and people actually missed me 
Raheleh 
found that even after 5 years of not building a computer, I was successful to install a new dvd/cd player into my mom's computer with no problems of any kind 
was asking myself if my husband could do better than me and within minutes I get a call from him telling me that folks were asking for me at a meeting and one man asked him how he managed to hook me. 
My family 
Waking up to Sharkie in the morning. 
Seeing my favorite co worker 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my kitten at the foot of my bed. 
made a batch of cookies to pay back a friend. 
feeling well 
made a table skirt and valance for someone and they liked and appreciated it. 
was grateful that I didn't have to spend a full 8 hours with Gerardo 
Mike brought me coffee 
Michael drove with me to pick up Jake 
was so grateful that Aly asked me to go out to eat with him at his work sponsored Christmas party. 
have a really supportive family 
Having a home to find peace. 
Happy that I for to spend time with my son Ryan 
Nothing 
Seeing my son come in and say good morning, and waking up my daughter for her day. 
seeing my granddaughter 
was able to get a load of laundry done today. 
Is trying very hard to not be righteous or judgmental. 
had time to color and trim my hair. 
finished the laundry and made a scarf for my daughters Christmas play tomorrow night. 
had a nice nap with my little boy kitty. 
my life 
Waking up to Otis. 
Finishing, or near finishing the web ad page. 
spending time with my daughter while I took her to school. 
Seeing my daughter awake and happy! 
my Dad's generosity which has allowed me to provide a very nice Christmas for the people I love! 
have two beautiful and amazing daughters. 
Jenn and I finally got ahold of each other over the phone (we'd been missing each other's calls a lot lately) and we had (like always) an amazing conversation. 
Jenn and I finally got ahold of each other over the phone (we'd been missing each other's calls a lot lately) and we had (like always) an amazing conversation. 
finally cleaned out my office. 
Having enough kerosene to keep the house warm. 
caring coworkers 
Being in class with the kids this morning and watching a doc about black holes... amazing stuff 
Today, I conquered my shyness in front of class and spoke clearly and with rhythm. 
The wonderful ride to work it was beautiful. 
my kids wakimg up excite to see elf on the shelf. 
my wonderful cats that I have to come home to. 
My cats 
finished card 
I have a home. 
Mom is no longer suffering. 
we have a wood stove to keep us warm in this cold weather 
feeling like i had a good interview 
Being alive. 
My husband made me coffee. 
Going to PT for my knee and finding out that after only 2 wks. 
reading a funny post on FB 
Found out I am being given a car by my sister 
HAD ALL MY GRANDS THEY WERE NOT SO NICE TO EACH BUT WE HAD FUN 
patience that like me and request my work 
Jade ate her breakfast willingly and happily. 
Dinner with my son 
my cat joey 
don't really want for anything. 
saw Melody- haven't seen her in a while. 
The first thing that brightened my day was no major temper tantrums and the boys got along and played nicely together for quite awhile 
when I was by myself driving to babysit a friends son. 
had finally gotten some good rest. 
Sister sending me email telling me how grateful she is for me 
the love of three kitties. 
RandyFallstonInspiration 
chatted with Kathie 
I woke up and my wonderful house is so nice. 
Sleeping in and waking up to a phone call from my sister and nephew 
MY DOG PICKING UP AN EMPTY PLASTIC BOTTLE ON OUR WALK AND BRINGING IT ALL THE WAY HOME 
Snow delay 
Being able to help the people I give meds to. 
boys 
Seeing John 
when a friend appreciated something I posted on fb. 
My vice-president actually expressed concern over the moral of the office 
My students are currently giving me more than previous students have. 
Seeing the smiling babies at work 
Reuniting with a good friend 
A coworker bought me a super huge candy bar on her lunch break today. 
my wonderful friends. 
I have people in my life that I can count on. 
Finding elves on sale 
My granddaughter was fairly well behaved this morning. 
helping a neighbor winterize his dog's doghouse. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I finished decorating the Christmas tree and the front window to my satisfaction. 
My husband made me a tall glass of iced tea before he went to work and left it for me. 
Getting a Christmas card from an old friend 
Court taking less time than estimated 
Helping my neighbor with getting her trash cans home. 
the construction on the highway is almost finished and that it has cut down my commute time. 
1. 
Txt from Mark 
got all projects done 
my children 
Another mom describing herself like me ;) It made me feel connected and not so alone in all this motherhood stuff. 
My family is all healthy. 
We have health insurance now so if our kids get sick or hurt we don't have to stress about the financial burden that taking them to the hospital or doctor would produce. 
found a parking space when dropping my son off at school. 
Understand my math 
was able to primer the girls play kitchen 
actually got out today. 
was able to get my recording for free from Diane. 
had to deal with somebody speaking to my child in a way that I was definitely not ok with, and I held my tongue and didn't lash out at them, instead I just stayed calm and controlled the situation. 
My SaviorMy husbandOur daughtersfarm animalsfriends 
Falling back asleep with Dmiry. 
petting my dog 
knowing that my friend Maria was volunteering at my workplace. 
my husband 
My daughter and other son is coming home tomorrow night. 
joking about things via text with E, L and K. 
It wasn't freezing cold today - it was bright and sunny 
was able to start working when I wanted to. 
Michael made us dinner 
Nothing 
My parents cut me a lot of slack when it comes to doing things around the house because they know how busy I am. 
Doing things my ex-boyfriend would disapprove of or tease me for. 
My husband- Supportive, loving, good-natured, sweet. 
I have a home. 
just love my friends. 
Norman loved his Christmas present! 
The feeling that I have been honest about myself to him. 
got a new haircut 
my lovely children and my expected grandchild 
no longer in a bad relationship.Although it has been a hard, difficult journey, I know it was the right thing to do for both of us. 
Left my slippers out for me 
Steven Berger sharing his family photo 
having my job. 
Daughter cleared up cat litter. 
Renee's friendship and helping put up the christmas tree. 
I have my elder children, that I have a car and a place to live, that I can have peace and quiet. 
Fam member took me to get hair cut. 
Hubby made me a coffee 
a friend who calls when she has time to check up on me. 
The first thing that brighten my day was waking up next to my husband! 
my children and their ongoing support regardless of any situation we go through. 
My Facebook stream and Pocket have lots of interesting stuff to read. 
was pleased to have Tammy join me in my walk this morning. 
Someone pointed out the email was being sent 
the great daycare we have for our daughter. 
How happy my son was when he woke up and was glad to be getting breakfast 
I have the opportunity to work from home in case of emergencies. 
My family 
When I woke up next to my husband, and the first thing he said to me was "is there anything I can do for you?" 
my friend was happy that I went to her bday party. 
My mom gave Sahana a new hairdo that shows her face more! 
The first thing that brightened my day was Adam came home from work and we had a tasty supper. 
Amy - stopping by my desk and telling me she cares 
1. 
Getting outside to return the overdue books 
my granddaughter 
The first thing that brightened my day was having a good hair day. 
My husband trying to help me when I felt so bad. 
My doggies! 
Today I was able to work one on one with my children and home school them. 
A friend at work getting me a book on gluten free cooking. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my boys wake up in the morning. 
the EEG tech made getting the EEG test positive, easy, and relaxing. 
working and paying my bills 
my son coming into my bedroom and curling up on the bed with me 
things going right at doctor's appointment 
my kids, my cats, my house plants, talking with friendsplaying with the babies.... 
My Health Improving: After chemo and radiation I got worried but hid it behind a positive attitude for family members sake. 
I beat cancer and I will beat again! 
My sister gave to me a free game that she had won at McDonald. 
Scooter makes me feel good and loves me so much! 
My husband Huw, he is such a good fit for me, funny, smart and comforting. 
Having adequate resources to house, feed and take care of myself 
went grocery shopping 
Sunshine 
A customer where I work told me it is a pleasure to see me because I am so friendly and patient with people. 
My teenage son listened to me and got a haircut. 
Cuddle with cats on the couch 
Time with my son 
The first thing that brighten my day was. 
New items were released on my favorite video game which signals it's continuance which had been in question. 
Going shopping 
firewood and a warm dry home. 
Receiving unexpected money ! 
My grandkids, they bring out the best in me. 
Nice hair cut and style today 
Getting to sleep in was awesome today! 
Amanda hand delivered some special pasta and ice cream to me - she drove 2 hours to see me! She's a great friend. 
My christmas stuff looks great and fits wonderfully with my style and home decor. 
Was able to rest 
Food 
have friends that push me to do more because they believe in me. 
finding the star for the tree 
Babies 
Reading Stories with my Son 
Ari texting me to check in on me 
ran in to some one I used to work with. 
my dog 
A woman that I very much respect complimented my creativity. 
my cup of coffee 
My second oldest son called me, I love when he calls, he lives 300 miles away. 
Finding out our dog was ok after accidentally being left outside all night. 
money 
realized that we only have one more day of homeschool before Christmas break 
getting some cute gifts for xmas in mail for my mom and kids 
to be employed it is definetly hard to find work and having the ability to earn a living allows me to provide for my family the best I can. 
being appreciated for doing something nice for someone 
My husband 
took time to make some art 
My son making me some home made cards to let me know he loved me and wished my surgery went well. 
Greg loves me enough to cancel his trip if I need him after surgery 
My husband and son were here when I got home 
My husband. 
let go of a bad relationship 
My husband wanting his morning kisses... 
woke up to find the sky heavy with clouds and we ended up getting a little bit of hail. 
learning how well a client is doing at home. 
my husband 
Today it was just nice to have a peaceful day to myself 
just happy to have a job. 
Carole called me, we spoke for a little bit and said the family is getting together Sunday 
Beau and I finished wrapping Christmas gifts for the kids before they got off school. 
my children and grand children. 
My cat 
my dog. 
My 2 year old granddaughter walked over gave me a smile and a hug for no reason 
1. 
My family is healthy 
joking with guest at work 
My boyfriend finally getting his room cleaned 
I have two healthy, successful, happy, confident children who have a good group of friends. 
The first thing that brightened my day today was waking up and giving Casper some good morning loves. 
Waking up next to Gustavo and cuddling with him first thing in the morning. 
woke up 
Receiving good morning text from my favorite co-worker. 
A struggling student made a 100 on a quiz 
woke up 
healthy 
the warmth of the sun today; my son staying home; my honey getting us breakfast, lunch, & supper today. 
dogs 
nice compliment on a work of art in progress 
Working with my favorite co workers 
My coffee 
Hearing my son sing this morning 
my new chair and that we are able to afford these kinds of things 
my mom. 
Macy decided to continue with Chinese classes. 
Chad was able to keep his PTSD/CD under control today so we could enjoy a quiet day home and I got a good long nap. 
had a successful job interview and received positive feedback during the interview. 
Warm house 
got a message to call my old boss 
my 25 year relationship 
Cuddling Jon brightened my morning 
That things are getting back on track... it's been really stressful at home this year and I just... want... to get back to normal. 
took a morning nap 
know I am able to make others life easier. 
jiffy lube came and was helpful and responsible. 
was told I was beautiful 
Remembering I sold my mom's IBM electric 
Waking up to a peaceful morning 
That My kids missed me while I was gone 
woke up early today 
my life is getting back on track again - - home, spirit, physical, work... 
My family is healthy 
morning walk 
The love of my kids. 
woke up 
My husband is always thoughtful and helpful and understanding 
My grocery list! 
The Good Morning kiss and smile from Aiden.... 
My first patient today greeted me cheerfully, when often she sits and cries. 
My boyfriend texted me good morning and we talked a lot throughout the morning. 
Getting a nice hello from a co-worker 
to have had a conversation with Phoebe in the kitchen. 
This month, every time I've felt something rise in me, whether it's a good or bad feeling, I turn to my diary to write about it. 
Preechool 
turning on the christmas lights 
the extra effort Don took this week to do cleaning around here. 
We no longer have to deal with the stresses of Don working at NH, which involved a lot of people acting very hatefully. 
was able to hit over 10,000 steps for two days in a row. 
1. 
the Christmas tree in our conference room. 
not going to stress about what could happen if I don't my prelims next month. 
My wonderful staff 
Ginger remains well. 
lord's blessing & reassurance 
my husband loves me. 
attended a birthday party, the food was yum 
Melissa broke up with Scott. 
my husband came up with dinner ideas without me having to ask. 
STRONG ROOTS TO UNCONDITIONALLY LOVING FAMILY WHO ARE SUPPORTIVE EDUCATED CLEAN AND GENEROUS 
got the blog post finished 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I had a great moment---I met Saki and Rio in the morning and had wonderful morning greetings with them. 
A friend texted and thought of me 
My Sunday School lesson was well-delivered and well-received. 
the bills are caught up. 
My manager 
when i chose to be happy today 
Children, panda 
went to the gym and half an hour exercise.I felt good about myself after a long tyme 
My son 
Sweet milk with rice my favorite childhood food 
Going out for a drink with friends. 
Breathing 
being able to go back to bed 
was able to do some chores without resentment. 
had an amazing lunch with my mom at the Food Co-op. 
Playing with Cooper 
Sunshine - Temperature was still in the teens, but it was sunny and not windy, so it made the day outside better. 
Work Scheduling: I'm getting better at not stressing about my schedule at work. 
Having a good sleep. 
Hugs from my students. 
how connected I am with my cat tuna that he knows how when I am upset and happy. 
looked good and felt more confident. 
Get through traffic easy 
the good time I had with my family today at the holiday brunch 
got to be me today just plain oh me obligation free., 
Mandela 
Going shopping with my 2 girls 
Roberta took care of the solicitors and thinking about the dates around completion so I didn't have to. 
very grateful that I have a healthy family. 
My family is healthy 
I am able to not "have to" work right now. 
having friends at work, being able to help them in difficult times 
to have a loving wife who supports me. 
don't have to worry about renting out the Toledo house. 
Today i have seen a girl- name deepthiCame out of negative thoughts by having a small walk down the street and enjoying the nature 
A day to sleep in! 
bringing JOY to my husband 
Being on a call and being recognized by Anne O. 
When I was appreciated for my secondary research skills : For finding the templates for Business Plan (which was quite stupid) and also personally when I found the air tickets at cheapest rates from Goa to Indore 
Friends who want to spend time with me - who love me no matter what. 
Tenho uma família maravilhosa e amigos que estão sempre ao meu lado. 
A Amanda me convidou para sair! 
Estudo na ESALQ 
Going out with my family to watch a movie. 
Gardener said I look good pregnant and lots of women change too much but I haven't 
reading about Mel Brooks and Anne Bancroft who created some of the funniest movies ever produced. 
my early morning dreams.. 
the girl on the street said something nice to me 
1. 
I wanted to live in a town house and I found one just like I wanted 
was glad to get so much cleaning done! 
so grateful to the Lord Jesus Christ in my life who has promised to be with me always. 
1. 
waking up in a cozy, comfy bed with it snowing outside! 
She's really spontaneous, and she helps me to focus less on my problems by pointing out cool things in the world around me. She's very in tune with the outside world and what's going on. 
found gifts for parents 
my best friend came to see a movie with me and I really enjoyed the movie. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting a cup of coffee and talking with my mom about kindness <3 she is so helpful at giving me reminders to be gentle to myself. 
Today doesn't start really well. 
My lovely puppies Abbie and Beau 
Jantar com os meus pais, embora seja algo simples não tenho várias oportunidades para o fazer. 
Foi bom ter acordado mais descansada 
My husband makes coffee for us and sings to me every morning. 
managed to get a lot of reading done. 
Getting a nice, unexpected gift from a coworker 
waking up to bacon cooking, music in the house, and loving family 
being able to sleep in 
Made some great homemade pizza's with defrosted dough and red sause (both of which were made previously). 
Having income. 
not a bad person 
understanding of my wife 
The health of me and my daughter and out pets. 
My children 
Yoga Community 
was able to take some quiet time this morning and rewrite a script I had been worrying about. 
The phone call from M. while he was on his way to work-he shared his problems with me. 
My husband told me I was beautiful and I wasn't wearing any makeup. 
living in a large two bedroom and 2 bathroom home, close to my favorite walking trails, grocery stores, birds. 
woke up 
thinking of the one I like 
mein Freund :) er war wieder sehr lieb zu mir , hat mir Tee gemacht und alles 
Ich habe mein Workout gemacht ! 
der nette Start in den Tag mit meinem Freund ;) es war heiß ^^ 
Being healthy and alive. 
I had accomplished so much this weekend. 
My God makes my life great! 
Waking up feeling less sick 
my cab was on time 
got up earlier today and went to church. 
Computers 
I was able to go to my parents house for dinner. 
My family and I are healthy. 
my cat, Puffy cuddling up on my stomach today. 
My husband. 
I have a job. 
That my car was able to get on the tow truck. 
My job. 
I went to lunch with my son and parents. 
got candy from my dad. 
Going to the gym with my new friend Erica. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
Waking up and realizing my wife was getting better. 
My wife has enough money to pay the rent for January 2014 
My worklife 
Fernando uploaded the photo of the meme I turned him into, that made me feel good about myself and the joke I made. 
Art of blizzard, baby 
Evie asked to hold my hand while climbing down the stairs. 
registered for a student number so I can get into the certificate program I want for my future career. 
Being alive 
My parents, and working on things that I care about 
Ringrazio Guppy per i continui momenti di tenerezza, vicinanza empatica e umorismo sottile. 
have the possibility to do what many others class as a dream job. 
My dog Rala that is always so joyful no matter what. 
my friends back home. 
not homeless. 
Saber que habia terminado mi trabajo del dia anterior y haber cerrado un circulo. 
the fact that I was able to watch a couple of episodes of Dexter today and relax in my room. 
The early morning sun; the fact that i could get up late and have nothing really to worry about getting late today. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up to my best friend. 
The first good thing I did today was help my boyfriend get ready for work because he was running late. 
My son smiling 
We may have a solution to getting a pet-sitter. 
Found the perfect gift for Mike's Christmas (personal Keurig)! 
My life is great because I have a wonderful family. 
clean bed 
my loving, patient and kind husband 
Meeting a lady from Germany 
GodHaving my best friend as my husbandBeing blessed with three of the greatest dogsHave a nice place to liveFeeding our Deer each evening we have 22 
Getting it together to get things done 
The first thing that brightened my day was Steven stopping by the office for a quick hug and kiss 
My parents who are so supportive of my career 
My grandson - he gives me tons of joy 
I have genuine real peace of mind finnally after 50 years,,it took a long time in comming,,I kept on being ever persevering to overcome severe obsticles in my life and my hard won courage shows great strengh and integrity,, 
1. 
slept 2 nights in a row without sleep medicine 
my children God blessed me with. 
my dogs. 
so grateful that i got to bring home my 7 yr old granddaughter from the hospital 
a roof over my head 
I am not homelss yet 
Remembering I had a Christmas cocktail party for which to prepare an obnoxiously festive outfit. 
Was waking up to my son 
My first greatful thing I have is a roof over mine and my children's head. 
my son. 
no longer involved in my abusive relationship with Mack. 
My son's girlfriend made me some wonderful bath salts. 
Jerry is so supportive and helps me deal with old issues 
everyday when my kids get home safe from school. 
opened my own business 
My job 
My children, they are for the most part, well adjusted, happy, considerate and thriving. 
my boyfriend listens to me when i go thru my changes, 
found a necklace hanging on the christmas tree and it is from my husband. 
1. 
go to,snuggle withydog,on a bitter cold day. 
My roommate gave me $5 for gas to get to work my first day, then gave me another $5, just in case I needed it. 
We traveled home from our Romantic/ Fun Joplin trip ...safely..humbly. 
The fog on the lake while driving my step son to school and how he thought it was super cool 
woke up feeling greatful 
nick shoveled my drive 
When my son is responsible in the morning 
1. 
Jesus 
Waking up to the realization that my house was clean and I had accomplished something. 
when Quan called me sexy. 
having a coworker to vent to who encouraged me to be proactive about a situation 
most of my coworkers. 
Knowing that today is my birthday, thus a special day ,,, 
Drank my coffee. 
The first thing I enjoyed about my day was the absolute stillness. 
That I'm able to volunteer at my children's school. 
the friends I have & my family. 
friends at work 
Grateful for my highly creative son. 
Sherry. 
awoke to another day 
My husband called me from work today 
My grandson 
Grateful that I have a job where I make enough money to support myself and my kids 
Being woken up with a big wet kiss from my puppy 
J is healthy. 
Healthy kiddo. 
my son, who is 2 and half years old, he loves me no matter what and despise my mistakes and shortcomings he is always happy to see me. 
extra time to crochet 
Going to my job interviews. 
woke my son this morning with tickles. 
the opportunity to visit spokane tomorrow, so that i can give Christmas gifts to my family instead of shipping them. 
my children, my husband,my family, my "true" friends 
My family. 
Fiona 
got a call from my boss that told me I did a good job and 5 days off for Christmas vacation 
I have a job 
got myself to my therapy appointment after dreaming about missing it. 
my loving husband. 
1. 
had enough money to feed dogs 
My son woke up happy to see me. 
getting enough sleep 
It's a beautiful sunny day on this first day of winter! 
Cleaning the bathroom before Tristans visit 
Thanking Richard for his netflix streaming advice and telling him he and fei do a wonderful job with Tristan and have a nice time in Stockton 
no rain 
Emperor, loving, kind, level 
Did not miss Pilates 
Lunch with Richard 
talk with Jane 
me for tea 
Trader Joes 
Laura 
health, intelligence, resources 
dinner 
attitude 
home 
Tristan 
shoes 
cuisinart 
Emperor 
Carole's recommendation 
the beauty of where we live, next to a duck pond, a creek, surrounded by lots of trees, and wildlife abounds here. 
have a very short commute. 
Sun was shining. 
Katie smiling at breakfast 
Waking up to happy family noises. 
My girlfriend telling me she loves me 
having my own home/space to relaxfor the 3 kids in my lifemy lovely grandson 
seeing my dog 
helped sandy in the garage. 
very grateful for my wonderful family and wonderful boyfriend... 
Waking up to the feel of my beloved cats, Thunder and Squally snuggled up against my legs in bed. 
not a lot of noise 
Yesterday was our 1yr anniversary. 
bring able to get out of bed with out being in a lot of pain 
A job 
my son texted me. 
Friends who call just to say Hi 
A friend watched my bag while I took my exams so I didn't have to walk back and forth to my to my car 4 times :) 
The First good thing I did today was clean up the kitchen. 
The good Lord allowed me to wake up and see another beautiful day. 
got notification from the AG office that my job application had been accepted 
My life is great because I have a beautiful family that I am able to spend so much time with every day. 
My son stopping by with a box of Christmas cookies 
My friends of faith 
made it to my doctor's appointment on my own. 
jake really loves you alot.caylyn loved my make and cheese.Thanks from heather. 
Matthias Reim music. 
Today my mom took care of my son so I could rest while recovering from the flu. 
The elders thoroughly enjoyed working with sorting and matching all of our bells this afternoon 
had a cup of tea, cereal and a little quiet time to myself. 
My daughter passed her math and reading tests 
my kids 
A text from Sam was the first thing that made me smile today. 
Isabella is very helpful 
cooking 
Dennis, he takes the car out of the garage. 
Seeing Devon this morning and realizing how responsible he has become for getting going to school. 
I can try and get my thoughts under control. 
My coworkers saw that I was tired and expressed concern. 
got started on my triathlon goal. 
healthy kids 
woke up 
got katies bedding 
Being healthy and having a very supportive family. 
My dusty 
Spending a little time with my grandson today. 
What makes my life great? 
healthy 
was able to come home from work and spend a little time alone before my hubby and the kids came home. 
coffee with Scott 
Waking up my grandson 
GRATFUL FOR CHRIS. 
Bobbee coming and cleaning up and cooking and making me feel special while at work. 
music 
Be appreciated or recognized for the good things I do and paying it forward in small ways at least once a day. 
IMed a friend today and found out she will be in the same country as I and hopefully will get to see her and her family next week :) 
a freezing weekend the sun came out and i was able to take my kids to school 
My sister called out of the blue as she got an unexpected day off. 
The lovely Christmas wishes from the ladies I work with 
That my pumpkin was with us and she was having fun. 
Grateful that my sprained arm feels much better today. 
My daughter called and I was able to speak to my grandson. 
to have a place to call my home. 
My family. 
Was able to help someone. 
didnt snow 
love. 
my friends feel like they can call me and tell me things in confidence, whether it's good or bad news. 
to have had my husband come to see me at work and give me a big hug today. 
Finally my husband came to his senses and realized I was worth staying with and that I was special. 
only my son 
waking up 
my animals. 
Kevin 
coffee 
Waking up to my brand new computer. 
Today the sun FINALLY decided to come out and shine! 
nothing 
My husband is willing to help out whenever needed. 
is when my husband calls me sweetpea 
friends helping proof and edit a paper 
Rollo and Daisy 
Having my morning coffee. 
all God has given me. 
First thing that brightened my day was waking up to my snuggling pup. 
1. 
William's lovely smile and laugh 
My job. 
a warm and safe home 
kiss from my husband 
at work, a complete stranger overheard a conversation wherein another co-worker was laughing about my having a degree in Art History; he was kind of offended by the guy laughing and made it a point to tell me that he had overheard the conversation and subsequently talked to me about Art History for almost 45-mins. 
getting to work on time 
Ribbit came to my place last night, came around quickly, and was sober this morning. 
Jackson 
son smiled 
the sun 
waking up 
going back to sleep 
My best friend rang from France and we had an hours phone call full of everything many laughs in that hour, she always makes my day brighter, and I hope I lift her when she needs it 
got to work with time to spare today. 
friends have already started signing up to come to our holiday party! 
Trinity gave me a hug and told me that she loved me. 
walked into my living room and saw the results of the clutter-clearing I did over the weekend. 
Seth woke up before I did, so I could crawl back into bed. 
woke up with less pain today 
a day off of work 
being the first one in the townhouse for some free time 
Received nice text messages from Rob and I didn't cry one time today 
woke up 
Ms.Maryhelen always there for me. 
Got a positive message from my friend. 
Feeling a little better than the day before. 
meeting 3 kind people yesterday who is fun to talked with. 
Talking to Scott on the phone when I was stressed. 
Christmas tree. 
Family and friends I have in my life....knowing they will be there for me if I need it. 
Sophie got into Vassar. 
coffee 
did some laundry 
my family. 
family animals shelter 
Waking up and having coffee with my husband. 
did not have to get up early to go to work.so 
having a home, a son who I love very much. 
My family, listening to how much we share and really do communicate. 
was able to see that my foster puppies' paws were healing. 
Being able to go to work and catch a break from the daily day to day and help earn some money for the bills 
m 
taking some me time 
Being able to relax at home. 
Waking up and realizing that my daughter really is home from college!!! 
great husband and son 
Getting all of Kohls.com 
kids 
The first thing that brightened my day was this morning when alex articulated so well how his moods are at his new school. 
My daughter told me she loved me (more than once in 1 day) 
seeing Cami in her cute new bunny shirt 
Having a job. 
my loud, crazy family. 
People at my new job tell me how happy they are that I'm working with them. 
helped boss to find a 3d candidatereferred him to boss 
my family 
Walking in the cold followed by a hot cup of coffee. 
is my husband and his love for me. 
my elves got busted 
got to be in charge today 
my achievements 
had a place to sleep last night.My son and future daughter-in-law invited my other son and me to spend Christmas day with her family.My sister let me hang my clothes in a closet in her home. 
Companionship with Ed 
so thankful that I felt good enough to be able to take my Mom to the Dr. today. 
will never have to worry about being mistreated in a relationship again. 
It makes life so much easier to deal with knowing that I have such a wonderful, supportive family. 
Snuggling with my cat. 
Waking up feeling healthy. 
My grand daughter giving me some kisses before our day started at school. 
I was awake to see my daughter Michelle before she left for school. 
very grateful to have a home and job - security. 
My meeting with Steve about Sanity. 
waking up snuggled up with my husband 
Got to see my niece 
My husbandMy children 
My animals; that they are healthy, happy, and have what they need to be happy and healthy. 
Grateful to have my own space to be alone. 
Matt did not get injured in his fight on Saturday. 
My boy friend was understanding and supportive when we talked on the phone 
not married to my passive aggressive alcoholic husband anymore. 
Thankful that the sun was out and the snow stopped. 
My Pololo Casey and continuing to love and grow together. 
sunshine 
my neighbor offered to watch my girls. 
didn't have a lot of pain today 
finding out I didn't have to go in as early as I thought! 
My doggies are being quiet 
my husband who is kind and caring. 
my health, 
Holding my son in my arms 
My parents help me through the tough times, and help me celebrate the good times. 
watching my dog playing outside 
Grateful for getting the house straightened up before Keith gets home 
Yesterday, I had a difficult customer. 
didn't get written up today. 
doing projects with the kids, like a holiday card for their grandmother. 
Good morning hug from my dad 
debit card in mail 
i`m not out in the cold 
Todd brightened my day by being here. 
the laundry is mostly done. 
beginning to change the flooring in my kitchen 
1. 
my first grandbaby Millie is here with her parents 
Having a job having my family with me 
Grateful for being able to go to Vegas with some of my best friends. 
going home 
having a family 
my divorce was very stressful, trying to start dating again was hard 
my sons who make my life worth living they have know idea how much they impact my life, then I have marshall, kasey Andrew. 
he always remembers the garbage and he takes it out, I never have to say anything. 
my wife who made me smile. 
family 
Someone complimented my new car. 
bought a christmas present for Emi. 
My husband, who continues to work hard everyday, even though he is not really happy with his job. 
1. 
talked with Jen who was supportive as I also supported her. 
1. 
realizing Grace would be up today 
Scarlet, my kitten, giving me kisses as she lay on my chest to wake me up. 
to have a good friend who cares about me and helps me in more ways than I could even begin to count. 
My kids and grand-kids make my life worth living 
Everyone loved my cinnamon rolls. 
having lunch with my husband 
I get to spend quite a bit of my time doing what makes me feel powerful and special. 
My husband danced with me in the kitchen while I was making dinner and listening to Christmas music. 
Being able to stay home to raise my family and take care of my home. 
My kids 
went to the library to print off some labels for some books Im selling for extra cash. 
have people that look up to me on FB 
my dogs and being able to take them out to play. 
my mom that she has been able to support me financially and emotionally since my car accident. 
First, I have chosen to live in a wonderful place. 
made Pancakes with Chrissy for Breakfast.She added food dye, so we had tye dyed Pancakes ! 
my apartment. 
my husband's patience level with me. 
My kitchen was clean when I got up. 
woke up to an email from my boyfriend who is deployed. 
The first thing that brightened my day was finding out that Pazzo Books wasn't renewing their lease in the spring, so that means that our store can expand, if we can handle it. 
How happy and grateful I am for Tony. 
my Mom loves me and is here for me. 
Hugging my husband 
interacted with my friends 
My son's health 
There are still friends that I can callOn when I'm feeling down, and it can feel like we're in the same room. 
God woke me up this morning 
was able to make a scarf.ave's 
school is out and I had a day to do just about whatever I wanted. 
Thankful for thoughtful husband and all the little things he does, brings home a slushie for me because he knows I like them, we go together to drop off our car to get fixed and get a rental and go for dinner. 
the fact that despite the insurmountable amount of stress that I thought I had to deal with, I actually overcame all of it and things have been so much better. 
Having a cup of coffee without rushing through it. 
Making the fish when game was over. 
got mom out of the house and took a drive 
hubby taking me out to dinner tonight because i deserved a night off after being so sick. 
an amazing womansaid (texted) by Nichole Nicholson 
it was a beautiful sunrise 
Boy gave me a shoulder rub, took the Rapper dog for a walk, went to check on the mail, and did the dishes TWICE. 
Finished shopping for the christmas store 
My kids 
my children 
my cat. 
have a job that pays well. 
chinese operaheathersoupchocolatewalksmoer soup 
to have a job. 
waking up to Ginger 
making the christmas tree was great 
Waking up to my kids 
was able to get a lot of cleaning done and out of the way early 
did not have cancer 
Being able to be a mother 
Penguins 
Compliments from a resident I take care of. 
I was able to finally get my hair did today. 
Ed left the hospital 
the nice house we live in-- but worry about the $$. 
My husband is a wonderful provider. 
talked to my best friend and my kids before work 
Helped Vicky feel more secure about going out to walk on the snow while at work. 
Jim. 
First thing I'm grateful for is that Jim has a job and went to earn some money. 
don't have to worry about work today. 
Today I am grateful that I woke up in bed, in a peaceful mood, on my day off. 
Grateful that Jacob is grown up and takes care of himself. 
A good advisor that is willing to work with me and even challenge me through this capstone project 
have been grateful for this time at home to be with people who love me and also for the time to refocus on the goals that are important to me. 
A good team who are good listeners and responsive. 
my daughter got me a nice bd present 
My Bed at the end of the day there is a place where there is peace, warmth and safety. 
To have meet Joey 
have a good family that takes care of me, even when I'm not feeling well. 
Getting affordable health insurance. 
My dad's cat Boots really cheers me up. 
My cats. 
suppose I'm grateful for my health--despite constantly worrying that I am going to die on my kids at a young age. 
got to drive both of my children to school this morning. 
Spending time with my family 
Mike, Carson and Rio. 
My son! 
Getting all my orders in the mail 
My sponsor tells me that she always there, because she cares. 
the first thing that brightened my day was my warm fuzzy home, my dog needing attention and a hot cup of tea 
my kids 
was able to video with my daughter & grandsons 
My granddaughter had an event free morning before getting on the bus for school. 
helping Sarah wrap her Secret Santa present 
Having breakfast with my daughter and not being bothered by the phone. 
Spending the day with Alisha and having good conversation 
seeing my horses faces to say good morning. 
got a new album order 
Remembering some of my dreams last night and waking up somewhat rested 
got a externship site 
things are going well tonight and that I woke up this morning. 
Grateful my husband came home and kissed me and said he loves me. 
Having my husband home today 
was behind on my rent. 
The first thing that brightened my day was knowing there wasn't anything serious going on when the neighbor over reacted to a homeless guy that acted like he was on crack. 
was grateful i woke up 
Working out and doing more with more ease 
my family 
my boss came in in a good mood. 
The one thing that makes my life great and keeps me going is my three wonderful children. 
The true friends that I have 
My honey made coffee. 
Was invited to a party. 
Seeing Jon's smile 
A clean house 
Cooking at church. 
my jobs. 
Getting a shower in this rehab I'm in. 
invite from Lisa-NYE 
children are forgiving. 
spent time with Madison after a long day of work. 
Got the most sought after dual lands card in a MTG booster pack. 
Fixed my outside light. 
A dear friend is sending me some money to help with Christmas due to me not having a job. 
Visiting with my husband 
The support I am being given at work! Everyone seems to be behind me and so proud, they know I can do it! 
not scared to be myself anymore around people. 
my health 
My kids and animals. 
waking up refreshed from the weekend 
i wake up and see my kids r still with me and that i have the most perfact cat ever 
touched base with someone who can help me replace some of the clothing I lost and help me move into a place 
family 
my husband because he loves me so much and he shows it everyday. 
My Son. 
A coworker left me a snack of oranges. 
Odin is healthy. 
Disposed of papers and cardboard.I had a nice hot shower and listened to some nice music, Elton John's number 1 hits. 
The entire fifth grade singing Happy Birthday to me this morning. 
was my boyfriend waking up not in pain 
I am able to work a schedule that I am in control of. 
my husband fixed my tea 
Completed the contract for Clint. 
Spending a little time with my husband. 
Charlie was so excited to see me when I got home from the doctor 
When I was welcomed at work. 
my intern found a replacement dress. 
old friend called today seems always upbeat 
I got to spend the afternoon with my friends. 
My cat 
waking my son up for school and thanking god hes home. 
Its Friday 
Thankful that my husband is in a job that he enjoys and that is flexible. 
We're in a good financial situation. 
not a big fan of snow, and, in fact, it usually gives me panic attacks. 
My husband being so understanding and helping me cook tonight. 
My children 
My job pays me in full and on-time, I've previously had a job that stopped doing that! 
got to sleep in 
less pain 
Getting to see Misty 
The first thing that brightened my day was cuddle time with my dog. 
finishing an application. 
my friends taking the time to talk to me 
finished knitting Isabel's scarf just in time for her to wear it to holiday scarf day at school. 
KAtie is home for the holidays and BArbie is coming. 
Waking up to a new day , 
my Grandson and my Sons and family 
made a good start packing 
Leeah is my world. 
Having a warm comfortable home 
warm puppies!! 
my mom, shes my best friend. 
The weather. 
1. 
my coworkers, how they support each other and me, and how we're all dedicated to working hard and doing a good job. 
My son is home from college for three weeks. 
Hearing my daughters voice. 
My husband Mike having coffee in the mornings together 
We're all generally healthy 
My son, Wyatt 
I got to erg today after a six week break 
the weather 
Seeing my sons face when I woke up 
went to see Emma my adopted granddaughter 
My husband telling me to have a good day and kissing me goodbye 
today i spoke with a customer and he's probably going to buy a car tomorrow. 
God and the faith I have, I had told God I wanted all my children by time i was 30 or I didn't want them But as always He knows better what we need. 
having a place to call home. 
new experiences 
family 
1. 
pomegranite yogurt 
The first thing that brightened my day was watching a video of my friends daughter dancing in a store. 
My Children, 
One thing that I was grateful for yesterday was the fact that I had lived to see another beautiful day. 
It was fun to look into the reindeer and get a sense for these beautiful animals. 
Got the new Shiva Rea DVD and its set in Greece!!! 
texting with Alex 
Got a load of laundry done. 
got a free meal at work. 
Lindsey texting me to tell me how cute our Christmas card was. 
My puppy wanting to play 
to have a roof over my head 
1. 
A guy called me sweetheart for holding the door. 
Seeing my co-works as they were glad to see me 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting a $2 coupon off false eye lashes on sale for 2.75 
My husband is so tolerant and lets me spread out my sewing stuff all over the living room! 
was born to be a creator of beauty. 
the lords grace, he gave me another day to spend w family. 
level head smartness 
a loving fmily and group of friends who help me through hard times like this BMX without judgement 
Bought some organic groceries from a local food co-op, to keep my family healthy. 
noone was hurt in the robbery today. 
Found out about dwemer city merkart. 
The forecast called for a warm day 
I have this time to edit my story. 
When I got up,I was with positive thoughts in my mind. 
Dutch Bros. coffee 
Having completed my entire tasks list and more! 
Very thankful to own my business 
very thankful that I have 3 healthy children. 
Rob thought up the circle flash diffuser and took me to B& H to buy it! 
Sun was out when I woke up 
I finally went to the dentist and am getting my teeth taken care of 
1. 
Laughing at work with Melissa, being silly. 
got to spend the whole day with my husband. 
Received an unexpected package from my mom. 
my cat. 
my 13 year old was able to go to school for a couple of hours today. 
my kid came over 
kids 
Being blessed enough to wake up to see another day. 
Ang visited and convinced me to get out of the house, and we has a very pleasant visit. 
Spending time with my father, walking our property 
Spending time with my children and my friends 
The first thing that brightened my day was how Nana spent a little extra time with Gavin so I could do what I had to do for a bit longer here at home. 
Jason brought me donuts in the morning. 
my husband every day. 
my friends that still hang around me! 
Ian listened to my griping and empathized. 
have great, supportive friends. 
Watching The Chew co-hosts eat weird things covered in chocolate. 
Waking up with Jodi 
Getting my shower early to help me wake up 
deeply grateful for my home 
Taking a trip into town and having lunch and not paying for it. 
My car 
I got up and made breakfast instead of laying in bed for a few hours wanting to die 
nothing 
The first thing that brightened my day was lying in bed and hearing Brynlee talking to herself. 
Seeing my son after school always brings a smile to my face. 
didn't have to scrape the snow and ice from my car because my husband had already done it. 
asked for help from someone knowledgable, and they were very helpful, making me feel capable 
My cats. 
My session went well, and we seem to be on a really positive track as a department. 
Finally finishing Now Playing proposal and it looks great! 
my career, marketing challenges my creative and my analytical side. 
when I get up early and am able to keep to my schedule and complete all the visits that need to be done that day. 
Thankful for beautiful clear cool weather. 
Got yarn from Melissa 
seeing my mom's dog(Dusty) 
really grateful for the flexibility in my job schedule and the team of caregivers I've assembled for my daughter. 
a talk with my sons g'friend on facebook that made me feel like I am actually a part of my family 
The first thing that brightened my day was....a good work out at the gym 
Food 
my boys 
My dog 
Seeing Alayna's smile first thing in the morning 
got coffee 
Coffee 
Got a Text from my son 
Nate peed in the potty at Meiklejohn! 
Free soda @ work 
My best friend, My husband 
woke up 
The snow globe and the music it played. 
saw a coat i want on sale...even though i can not afford it i still smiled... 
students seemed happy to participate in activities I had for them 
feel thankful from the moment I open my eyes & thank God for another day. 
When I was 7 months pregnant for my first and only child, he went into distress and was taken by emergency C-section. 
Able to wrap Christmas presents 
the ability to carry on 
BRIAN HELPED GET sHELBY AWAKE 
waking up with my hubby 
getting a free drink at the bucks 
Gregg had made stuffed shells and froze them so we had a healthy dinner instead of eating junk because we forgot to get something out. 
my JSA friends, especially Stephen and Jackie 
my extremely supportive and genuinely caring husband. 
accomplished getting my paycheck. 
Tiger snuggling with me this morning. 
my daughters... they make me feel like I have accomplished something good, they are grown and live in Texas 
Theresa brought me a churro! 
The first thing that brightened my day was a warmer, sunny Winter day. 
Seeing my daughter's face first thing in the morning! 
The first thing that brightened my day was realizing that this was the last week of school before the winter break. 
Going to chocolate world to get christmas presents 
my awesome home decorated for christmas 
first grizz hugged and kissed med before he left for work 
the first thing that brightened my day was seeing my daughter. 
have a house over my head that I've lived in all my life. 
don't have to worry about impressing this guy who rejected me. 
spent some time with a friend today over winter break. 
Bad friendships that did me no good 
woke up with a plan. 
doing well in maintaining my relationships. 
I've met new people who I seem to get along with, as well as catching up with old friends. 
My dogs woke me up playing in the bed. 
Having animals they make my life great. 
Tim made coffee for me. 
my daughter Samantha she makes me smile everyday. 
Seeing Presley's sweet face 
Had my stuff ready for work 
my husband brings me coffee. 
my family. 
Grateful to have such committed team members 
My faith 
Getting up early and putting in two hours on my article. 
when my son, Niko said to his dad that this was the best birthday ever 
waking up to my boyfriend snuggling with me. 
got to go to Robinson, 
The help my girls give me around the house. 
Pleasing other people. 
going to work and seeing people I like 
Being able to train new peoplke and see the results 
Seeing Billy with his new shoes on 
FamilyPetsScrapbooking 
to have live in help for a month. 
Compliment on my outfit from Sarah 
hooping in my room. 
Getting the days exercise out of the way with cable, weights and a treadmill. 
my job i like 
The first thing that brightened my day was sleeping in. 
Spent time with my granddaughter. 
Salvation in Christ. 
My unemployment information came in the mail. 
My partner, Laura 
home alone today...me time 
My grandchildren....Little Elliot trying to help me learn a song -- This Train! 
Wife and children 
having good health, it is important for me to be in good condition and enjoy life in good health. 
Dad sharing food 
I got to wake up with John this morning. 
Ania and hugs. 
to have such a wonderful family. 
Talking with friends 
A colleague has shared a story of him how he has played a multiplayer session "Orcs must die" with his friend last night. 
Waking up to a clean house 
My partner in my life 
The kids went to bed early without too much trying. 
To be in a relationship that is positive 
Rick doing so much of the house work this weekend 
No pressure to get up and be somewhere everyday or to get something done except by seasons and weather 
Going into the kitchen to see all the beautiful presents I had made for all of my friends and my moms friends. 
a warm home, food to eat and a blessed family. 
family 
have an amazing network of friends around the globe who support and love me as much as I support and love them, no matter the physical distance between us or the time that passes between speaking or meeting. 
spent a lot of time working with my chakras today, giving special attention to the ones that I have been most focused on lately. 
Mom said she wished she could donate lots of money to my GoFundMe. 
don't have to worry about the stress of my last two jobs. 
Yesterday, I had a great story idea, and I wasn't stuck at all for what to write. 
woke up rested. 
No work 
Reading and educating myself on being more positive. 
being married 
being in love with justin 
My quiet morning getting ready for the day! 
My daughter looked beautiful this morning ready for her birthday! 
Woke up early enough to spend time with Pipes before work. 
My friend helped me by splitting wood and taking me back to my car in town. 
My son being so sweet, he dressed himself and was cooperative.I was able to go to the Bus Stop with him this morning and get outside, it was nice.It has just started snowing - I hope the snow stays so we can go sledding… It's very very pretty! 
having an agreeable 17 year old in the morning. 
My work friends 
Seeing my sons smiling face 
Grateful for my kids. 
to have a husband who helps with snow plowing, shoveling and household maintenance as needed. 
heard from a prospective client and he still sounds interested! 
Iris McCammon telling me my services are in a different league! 
made it home in the snowstorm okay. 
to be with family during the holidays. 
moving is behind us. 
kathy sending a message of understanding related to my gift post 
Grandson came over 
woke up to purring kitties 
When a day ends and there is no fighting in my home 
having a dog 
having a peaceful life, living in a stress free town 
Sammy's face in the morning as he talks his toddler talk to me as if saying "I'm up and ready for the day!" 
My children 
my car started in this bitter cold weather. 
Randy, Davina, Jon & CeCe 
my sweet, caring, and understanding husband; who has the patience of a saint, even when I do not deserve it. 
Finished the Coursera assignment 
Going for a run this morning was enjoyable. 
the baby slept in and I was able to get a little more sleep this morning. 
Headache was controllable. 
Working at the bike shop with Eric in the morning stress free 
My brother in law wants to skype with me 
My children return home from their fathers today. 
My sinus infection broke today, just in time for choir. 
1. 
living in a town where I'm surrounded by amazing, uplifting friends who celebrate every high with us and mourn with us through every low. 
Matt took me and the girls to the park, and he watched the girls and played with them while I got to go on a run. 
don't have to worry about looking for a new house, because we found one that we love and are almost ready to move into! 
getting to go work on Radial, with Susie. 
the LORD giving me life. 
Turned in my homework. 
My Grandson didn't wake up crying this morning. 
Conversation with someone I love during my commute. 
The first thing I am grateful for is that I had the ability to go to yoga today and that I persisted in spite of the terrible traffic. 
Healthy, smart children who will make the world a better place 
the baby is sleeping 
Completed school work 
completed my project yesterday and got very good appreciation from my superiors 
organized the pile of bills stashed in a box. 
learned that my raise wasn't lower than others 
Getting a hug from my son before either of us were really awake. 
Pictures of Dave from Vi and a great email 
chocolate chip cookies 
the kitchen sink was fixed, so I am able to get the dishes done more efficiently. 
the opportunity to have cleaned the house before Matt got home from work on Sunday. 
finished my prezi, and it looked good 
we have somewhere out of cold to live 
opened a message from a friend who was just sharing some music with me. 
Rebecca Domas makes my life great. 
Laughter at work 
THANKFUL THAT THING'S ARE SURELY LOOKING UP,..GOING SLOW,..BUT GOD HAS HIS BLESSED HAND'S OVER US,..AND THAT ,KELLY IS FINALLY OUT OF THAT STRESSFUL JOB,..THAT WAS MAKING ME A NERVOUS WRECK EVERYDAY,..NOT KNOWING IF HE WOULD MAKE IT HOME OR NOT,..TO MANY HRS ON HIM,..AND HE FINALLY CAME TO REALIZE THAT. 
my boyfriend and my dog 
THANKFUL THAT JAMIE LIKES TO WRAP PRESENTS SO I don't have to. 
COFFEE 
My hubby and i got up at the same time. 
My children make my life great. 
The birth of a baby in the family 
I am able to spend my winter break with my friends from home. 
my best friend and husband and our loving, sometimes silly, relationship. 
The first thing that brightened my day was Kady being silly when I went to wake her up. 
my health,home,dog, my ability to help others. 
My work computer worked as it should. 
Playing with Buddy. 
enjoyed the interaction of working in a different atmosphere with different people. 
My neighbor brought me chicken soup when I was sick. 
was grateful when I heard from Caleb yesterday and then Holly today, keeping me informed about Kenny's condition. 
Woke up and my husband was still gone 
my daughter 
It was great to sing with the new group I am in. 
my fun and engaging relationship with my boyfriend. 
My dog licking my face 
was able to get out of bed and did not hurt as bad as yesterday. 
my husband. 
Hot coffee brewing. 
we had a snow day 
my family, and friends, this wonderful holiday season and christmas. 
qualified for assistance 
My dogs and my cat. 
my little boy smiling at me 
One thing that makes my life great is that I have love in my life. 
Listening to my book on the way to work 
good time with friends 
my daughters were chasing each other around the room and laughing and giggling.. they had been sick and I see this as a sign of renewed health. 
Believing that I was going to get a few things done. 
Christy's story about the hamster that made me laugh harder than I have in a while. 
My youngest child laughing and reaching for me as soon as I got up. 
My daughter and son-in-law treated our whole family to a movie with popcorn at a theatre. 
Malachi and our new life together. 
A facebook post about a young girl giving a street preformer a coin. 
finding the correspondence from carriage run that discussed the return of my security deposit 
Was happy to get the job interview. 
was able to bill out a couple large projects. 
my husband who is very helpful. 
Bad boyfriends 
my seniors did so well on the final. 
friendsanimalfamilylifestyledaughter 
Kerri picked me up for work 
to have a good man. 
coffee 
good parking spot 
New experiences, new knowledge. 
taking pics of the sky 
hug from Marlo 
Seeing my baby boy before he went off to school 
The smile on sierras face when she woke up,and said hi mommy i love you 
my granddaughter said she loved me. 
was able to meet with John and talk about the future. 
A kiss from my girlfriend 
MaiTai. 
woke up on time to get to school to take my exam 
my salvation 
Talking with a new Dr 
my dogs 
the amazing weather, sunny blue skies, crisp cool air 
Baking cookies! 
Good Food 
the pie I made 
to have a husband who is also an incredible friend. 
Boy's woke me up , we played for a long time this morning, Seemed we all need extra TLC , 
1. 
have a roof over my head 
Nothing 
my son 
bought nice gifts while buying spontaneously really good chocolates for mom 
Lee took Scott to the doctor for me. 
1. 
my husband 
nothing 
Traffic was light on my way in to work and i played one of my favorite songs on repeat the entire way. 
have a good husband who works hard to provide us with everything we need, we may not always have everything we want but we do have everything we need. 
making a delicious soup at work 
A good work meeting and working on my showings for tomorrow. 
Waking up knowing i'm blessed with another day 
Emily called me this morning 
I am going home on Saturday and my family will be present 
everyday for my boyfriend. 
my mother and mother in law for being there for us when we need it most. 
Negative people in general. 
The sun! 
My Brother, and my Best friend 
Dave and Buddy 
Work 
Ethan. 
family 
half of christmas gifts are wrapped ready for ribbons 
Counseled others, 
Was having a good conversation with my oldest daughter. 
My husband took the kids to school. 
my kids 
Having a job and a very good job. 
with my husband a couple sitting next to us in restaurant bought our meal for us! 
Time to move back into work routine slowly 
Bad relationship with ex 
family and friends 
being alive 
We were treated to a nice Christmas party and given extra time for the meal. 
Reading in bed with kids 
Waking up in the morning after a decent night's sleep. 
My daughter's voice asking me what time it was. 
When Kade got on the bus 
A kind stranger took a photo of my father's grave at Arlington with a Christmas wreath on it and hunted me down to send it to me. 
talked to my husband this morning. 
Received child support 
waking up and doping a good workout 
My Mother's help financially 
Being a wife and mother makes my life great. 
someone said i did a good job cleaning their apartment 
Going out today to do holiday shopping. 
My daughter, Olivia. 
John getting off work early was great. 
Johnny is home & made me breakfast. 
Good Sleep.Nice Thoughts.Happy Partner.Christmas Time.Nice Day for Relaxing.Lovely Family 7 Friends.I feel like I'm wasting time here.Relax. 
I am alive, 
My children - although overwhelming at times, they bring me great joy. 
Maria read my latest post on the Think Happy, Ms. Nally Facebook page. 
no longer have to worry about carving out personal space while living under my parents' roof. 
Free Sharks ticket! 
to God for his guidance in my life. 
WOKE UP THIS MORNING 
not having to work right now...but thats going to end soon :( 
The Beach 
The roads were easier to drive on today after the snow. 
Our Doggies excited to be awake & giving me kisses! 
Debbie gave me an extra $5 
My Family 
My wonderful husband and dog at Pioneer Square 
Living with and doing things with my sister, kids, and grandbabies 
hugs from my children 
got to take a nap after my daughter left for school 
heard from an old friend 
did most of the cleaning that I needed myself to do today. 
got to work on time and didn't pay for parking 
The first thing that brightened my day, was when Bella jumped on the bed, and laid down on my pillow while I was getting dressed. 
stood up for myself with kids at work. 
the opportunity to be able to work from home so that I can be with my children when they come home from school, when they are sick or when they have a school activity. 
Found out a coworker is pregnant. 
got to sleep in today 
got to go on a cool field trip with my students and they all behaved well. 
to have my mom around to help me. 
my husband cleaned up the puke and changed the baby. 
Starting a knitting project 
getting enough sleep 
talk w/husband about misunderstandingThanks, thanks, thanks. 
Talking with God 
had a nice lunch while I was doing my laundry. 
My best friend comes and stays periodically 
Dane liked the quote I used. 
Lance offers to help out (without my asking him to) because he knows that I need it more than usual right now. 
my mother 
My daughter is something that makes my life great. 
Coming to work to find a gift from my boss 
was able to apologize to my daughters 
not having to go to the grocery store today 
Finished an assignment for school. 
My daughter enjoys shopping for the holiday with me. 
lucky enough to have a job! 
beautiful walk in the neighborhood with the mountains all around 
My new friendship and meeting with Elizabeth and Susie! 
getting a good report from my doctor 
Earned $ for my computer 
My mom and I made a very yummy healthy dinner :) 
Got some homework done 
Being able to help and visit with a friend 
Visits from my family when able 
Seeing my little dog when I wake up in the morning and he wags his tail and gives kisses 
My Husband makes my life great 
my husband. 
dealing with my soon to be ex daught in law, i have yet to punch her in the face. 
my life 
made it to work on a snow day 
My husband 
My beautiful dogs. 
Fresh hot Coffee 
very grateful for my home. 
made paper snowflakes like I did when I was a kid 
Isaac said that S. Smith was "singing my praises today." 
sleep 
having my son help my husband and I get the house cleaned up. 
Seeing my Joey. 
My health 
got some new books. 
Christmas bonus. 
made my choice to go and visit Ms. Athnos' classroom and got to observe and help out the children. 
Selling my first doll quilt on Etsy. 
Rick was here to keep me sane during a very emotional moment yesterday. 
found out I got an A in Chinese last semester. 
A hug from my husband 
got to see Skylar after not seeing her in a few years. 
Kate brought home the Roku-- I've been able to enjoy new music including Joshua's listening interests 
grand children 
sleeping in 
1. 
still have a job (and its the same job for the last 3yrs), which pays good and the people overall are nice. 
Artemis being in my life 
The first thing that brightened my day was when i woke up and i seen my sister in law 
my children are healthy 
my husband made dinner tonight...the house smelled good and it made me feel safe and cozy...like the real world couldn't touch us here. 
my kids 
Talked to Shaz before I left montauk 
got a nice compliment on Facebook and several people liked my comments. 
My boss went on vacation, so I won't be getting yelled at for the next two weeks. 
Waking up next to my husband 
Accomplished getting a shower.Got myself food and vitamins. 
1. 
Having the Store Manager talk to me 
Getting through my last final, and feeling good about it. 
to have a quiet evening with my kids. 
Getting out of my contract with the publisher from hell. 
A stressful appointment was cancelled and freed up our day. 
had a wonderful trip into town with my oldest daughter, and we had a lot of fun getting through errands, which would normally feel like more of a chore. 
My husband coming home from training. 
made a great turkey soup my whole family loved. 
Anthony got into a good college 
The guy in my life 
we all survived this last semester of college. 
Waking up and snuggling in bed with Ben. 
Got my contract package successfully sent overnight to arrive in Puerto Rico tomorrow. 
Car accident during storm Andrew, tree on top of house, and a week in the town shelter! 
Having Chris as a friend...him showing me he cares by bringing me chocolate! 
reading academic stuff! 
the amazing classes I am taking for my last semester as an undergraduate and I very much look forward to how they will shape me as a person ESP Jenkins class! 
having a home to be in. 
My morning urine was yellow and not bloody. 
Was having coffee and talking to Paula 
family 
1. 
My pets, Dino and Sasha. 
Talked to my girlfriend on the phone 
Having a good friend sleep over and waking up next to him without any stress or pressure. 
came home, made dinner, lit some candles, started a fire and relaxed with hubby. 
Sidney & Cooper 
1. 
awoke to a beautiful sunny day. 
recieved an email this morning for a job interview at a company that I would love to work for with much better shifts and the potential for job advancement. 
We laughed a lot on Friday night 
enjoy waking up to a beautiful day everyday and today it was brightened by the wonderful snowfall. 
shelter over my head, food in my belly. 
have a nice boss 
My life is great because I have two beautiful daughters who make me so proud. 
Good health and plenty of sleep. 
I've gotten the laundry caught-up. 
was able to get some things done today that I wouldn't normally be able to do during the day. 
the cold that's been making me feel like crap, i'm feeling better than i expected to. 
OFF OF WORK TODAY! yay 
Waking up and seeing my grandchildren all playful and happy 
was able to get up and finish my math final and he told me that it looks good i got at lest 10 right out of 25 and he did not look at them all so i feel good about that test 
My husband took off... 
My husband making me laugh. 
Waking up 
My Dogs 
Handed in my social studies paper 
talking to my son 
Waking up to hear the birds sing 
The roads were safe driving to work. 
got a tip at work 
to have cleaned out the stove. 
scott making tea for me in the morning 
Waking up with Caesar cuddling me. 
got more Christmas decorating done 
Making my kids happy 
My family...I am very grateful for all they do for me and for being able to enjoy them!!! My parents are in their 80's so very lucky to still have them. 
Being able to take care of my grandkids and being a part of their life really helps to make my life great and meaningful. 
my upcoming trip to spend Christmas with my family in Delaware and Maryland. 
was getting a primary care doctor and the insurance that I needed so badly to help pay for my care. 
Being alive 
Being smart 
was thankful to be in a warm place during a snow storm. 
Package on my doorstep. 
Crosby smiling. 
1. 
First, I am very thankful for my baby girl growing inside of me. 
My kitty cat, "Big Fat Baby," is the sweetest thing...I've had her for 13 years and I can't live without her. 
The kitten cuddled with me instead of trying to wake me to feed her. 
i got my house cleaned today 
TOOK A LONG WALK WITH THE MAN IN MY LIFE 
Getting to spend the day with my daughter because it was a snow day 
Getting a silly Facebook message from my boyfriend 
getting complimented by my manager about my job skills. 
Phil sent me a cute photo of Grimli and Christmas lights 
adore the people I work with. 
chester and mason 
Being able to give my new granddaughter a bath and watching her really enjoying it. 
Laird woke up in a good mood. 
Matt and Laura Durkee were able to bring Peter home from school today. 
Custody battles are well behind us. 
A cup of coffee from a co worker. 
my son and my daughter are finally able to be in the same room. 
talking with a helpful store associate 
Quiet days 
finding a four leaf clover 
walked my dog for the first time since my surgery. 
my health finally being back to normal. 
Wonderful family 
got my daughter off to school with no arguing. 
got a hug from Caesar when I found out my friend was dying, and it was a good, long hug. 
Getting good news about bills 
picked up a shift for a co worker today and had a prosperous day 
Thanking GOD for all he has done for me 
still friends with my best friend from high school after 30 plus years. 
my mom and dad. 
A big hug and hearing i love you mama! 
having beautiful kids, that I love so much and that love me! 
We have a new vehicle, so I don't have to worry about it breaking down on me and paying a hefty bill at the auto shop. 
Lierras reaction to the Elves I laid out from the night before. 
helpful extended family. 
Waking up with my kitties cuddled up next to me. 
love 
I woke up from a restful sleep. 
Steve- for being here with me despite my lousy attitude 
2 college friends want to visit me this Sunday despite the 2 hr drive. 
i am eating good 
we still can pay bills, eat what we want, that we have Sandy and each other. 
Everyone liked the sleighs i made. 
got my grading done. 
have gotten organized for the rest of the year. 
my mom 
My family 
My Husband and my kids 
My children 
Anna came in and enjoyed her gifts 
Liam 
went to the store and made old boss smile 
My life is great because I have the most amazing husband in the whole world. 
staying home and walking Gryphon. 
Having a good sense of humor 
My boyfriend kissing me good morning and hugging me. 
coffee with chip 
getting some chores done 
my son's love and affection. 
woke up and Teka was there. 
the first thing that brightened my day was that my love was happy to get his christmas money 
my dog playing and the smile or laughter of my children 
A very nice cashier at Hobby Lobby gave me a 40% off coupon and saved me a ton of money. 
really enjoy hanging out with my mom, and I'm glad I live with her and can see her very often. 
No more wondering when I'll see him next (long distance) or we'll get engaged and if I'll be married before a certain age--I'm single! 
1. 
My secret santa gift was delivered and my giftee seemed to be happy with it! 
yoga wall 
Getting my haircut and having my husband say he liked it (even if it was too short for his liking)! 
returned several items I didn't need and bought a few things I did need for Christmas gifts. 
unpacked the remainder of my clothes today. 
smoked. 
Hearing my parents get up 
it wasn't snowing yet. 
My daughter 
get to help people every day. 
My puppy 
My life is great because I have a comfy, cozy, quiet place to live in the country with a wonderful family of friends and pets to keep me company. 
Awesome rice! 
my furnace is working again and I have a landlord who was here to help 
My brother's wedding where I was left at a club the night before and left again at a hair salon with no ride by the wedding party. 
not having to go to Aubrey's 
Went Christmas shopping with my daughter, was happy to get to see her. 
child is healthy 
Jana's christmas gift on my desk (chocolate) 
Family 
feel that I have found a path out of this rut. 
Lisa's baby shower 
I have a loving, faithful husband to come home to every day. 
my family 
having both of my sons home with me today. 
the house is clean and I don't have chores 
work and deadlines I sometimes shortchange myself on my abilities. 
my counselor, Rose, for helping me work through my grief over my divorce.I am grateful for my GALS, who I know will always be there for me. 
I woke up 
completing my checklist for today 
My family and all of my loved ones that I have for support. 
Healthy breakfast 
My loving family 
being with my nephews and neice 
My family 
My dad called me for a change and sounded upbeat. 
Grateful for the time Ben and I spent playing computer games and reading and singing Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer. 
Today I received a large part of a long awaited legal win. 
a half decent nights sleep. 
A great rented movie Lone Ranger 
My brother came home from college and we had a great talk about him going to medical school. 
playing cards with my daughter 
had numerous tasks to complete and I finished them all. 
Joking with Gabriel over travel-mug coffee in the car :) 
Grateful for a nice day with a friend doing volunteer work i always wanted to do 
Coffee 
Great workouts and eating well! 
Yesterday was my birthday. 
Daughter woke up smiling and happy 
my life 
Getting Mia's porch potty in the mail 
Change in my day by having lunch with my department. 
Violet working so hard at school. 
my grandbaby 
my friend Christy and all that she does to support me. 
steamed cleaned my carpets 
Talking to a great friend 
seeing my kitty 
My husband makes me breakfast 
going shopping 
Christy wanted to have lunch and spend a little time together. 
Nice bed to sleep in 
a fun, impromptu evening of shopping at Target with my husband. 
Just the other day, I was worrying about something going on at work. 
My job: I have a job. 
A hot shower: As I was standing in the shower this morning, hot water pouring over the top of my head, I reflected on the fact that there are so many people in this world that don't have plumbing and electricity. 
. My sobriety. 
Learning that my blood test results weren't bad. 
My Husband 
made people happy with a Charlie Brown Christmas tree. 
Went to lunch 
The snow . 
My friend Azlee was willing to take me to the food bank. 
John called and is feeling better. 
Complement while shopping. 
got up with out to much of a problem ! 
Talking with Matt 
found a personal trainer to get me back on my way to become fit 
so grateful that my friend, Lisa, called to catch up this evening. 
People seemed to enjoy the rdio playlist I made. 
being able to get an extra hour of sleep 
the first thing that brightened my day was...waking up next to the one that I love. 
Waking up today. 
Having mom still able to come and spend time with. 
i didn't have to actually do work today 
took responsibility for a mistake and it ended up that the president of the company called me and asked me to help him out with a project system. 
finally was able to go back to school after all the events of the past week . 
took a walk 
GRATEFUL THAT MY MOTHER HELPS TAKE CARE OF MY PET BEFORE I GET UP IN THE MORNING AND WHEN I AM NOT HOME TO DO IT. 
have a wonderful husband and two sweet kids. 
Got two credits today. 
Me and my brother went out to lunch together.We laughed and had a great time. 
My dog Bosco. 
Ainsley being excited about her elf on the shelf. 
Love You. 
Erik & Sanskriti laughed at my letterpress joke! 
my family. 
they play along with my ideas 
Heading to the school for my granddaughters polar express party today 
Christian valued home 
waking up next to the man I love. 
Sleeping in 
my situation isn't worse than it is, although in some ways it's pretty bad. 
Grateful to have a place to stay while getting back on my feet. 
My bestie. 
I'd like to purchase a good wardrobe that's not made of hand-me-downs or ill fitting off the rack sweatshop crap. 
I have a roof over my head 
A Christmas movie 
Getting to work safely 
Doing christmas crafts with my granddaughter Emmy 
My daughter got home safe from work 
Encouragement from a few good friends 
my puppy 
My exam went somewhat better than I thought it would. 
My roommate who is an inspiration. 
My husband and parents 
Waking up in the morning 
Allie 
A good morning kiss from my kids. 
Vaughn was in a good mood this morning, when I woke him up for school. 
Today I had a doctors appointment to address a health concern. 
woke up this morning 
Grateful for my children going to bed easily. 
Special ramen lunch prepared by my neighbor friend / Maki. 
my son coming home for holidays 
Christmas shopping yesterday, I found a doughnut maker for only $6.99! 
have incredible self control 
recieved a loan to help catch up on bills 
I have been blessed with two wonderful boys. 
The dishes are done and so is the laundry. 
My mother makes my life great and so does my good health and my friends 
my son is healthy and loving and that he misses me while I'm at work. 
My wifey Jenny! 
Grateful that I am able to do some work today 
Andrew's Smiles! 
my children and grandchildren in my life and a wonderful boyfriend. 
Holding my new nephew for the first time. 
a friend who will not allow me to be hard on myself and who says I should embrace my imperfections 
talking to ashley 
seeing my wife's smile 
Hubby made coffee, I finally got some laundry done, Hubby cleaned kitchen & I cleaned it after dinner. 
Scott took care of the garbage for me so I didn't have to go out in the cold with a headache. 
Making a special egg sandwich for breakfast with cheese and bread and eggs and it was really delicious. 
Having my Pom wake me up with her cute face. 
my daughter went to get her testing done at KU today and the Dr. was surprised that her blood work came back good! 
people at worked loved my brownies 
the help I received from a co-worker today. 
Yesterday I met a girl I rarely spoke to. 
to have Silas here. 
my boyfriend told me to scoot over closer to him in the bed even though we were not happy with each other and were fighting at the time. 
The first thing that brighten my day was just waking up and being alive. 
got my car back home. 
A message from my boyfriend 
Grateful that I have a kite that is large enough to cover the hole in the ceiling in my living room and that I thought to pin it to the ceiling in the first place. 
mitch brought my sun glasses to me (from the car) .. made me smile because he heard me when I said they were in my car and I would like them for work 
snuggling with boys 
My husband wishing me a good day 
the freedom I have, being able to work from home is wonderful. 
my house 
got to see my grandchildren 
spending the day with my daughter 
My wife's beautiful smile 
My dogs make my life great 
wearing a new sweater and putting make up 
spending time with Megan and seeing Skylar's light glimmer again when she is home 
Hannah was in my class because she is sweet and always makes me smile. 
An employee that was leaving on vacation completed all his work and stayed behind to help the rest of the team. 
Coffee 
My son Kevin is back 
Yesterday my husband and I got along so good! 
Beautiful day 
got a great job today 
my cats waking me with their little faces looking at me 
Helping cheer up Heather. 
An understanding judge 
My God sacrificed his only son for me, He allows me to take a breath every morning . 
My son ate his pancakes, his lunch and his dinner today and took a nap. 
went to the gym and had a good run 
seeing my dad 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my kids. 
Discovering I have a large network to count on 
Excel macro success 
My 16 year old daughter took me to her class for Love Day. 
Talking with my brother having a little conversation 
I have a roof over my head. 
My children 
getting praised at work 
Grateful to have a home 
found the Skylander PJs in my son's size that he wanted from Santa. 
My boss's accepted my deciding to not go through with my 2 week notice. 
extremely intelligent 
a house to live in, I am grateful because I am moving back to Becker. 
a loving husband. 
Coffee in the morning 
Waking up next to my boyfriend. 
God 
Seeing how beautiful my girls were in their cute outfits. 
was very grateful for an energized day and that I felt happier than normal. 
Grateful for my sweet pets who do cheer me up and make me laugh, and force me to have beings to be responsible for. 
I have a nice warm house to live in when there are others that are not so lucky. 
When my daughter Angel said she was ready for a hug and said she loved me and sat down and hugged me. 
having my volunteer job to go to 
my grandson w aving hello and grinning at me (he's deaf) 
Grateful for having a job at all, despite the stress it brings me daily. 
VERY THANKFUL BECAUSE MY HUSBAND LOVE ME. 
felt rested when I woke up this morning 
got to sleep in for a change 
took some cute pictures of sox 
was able to socialize today. 
Waking up with Kersell 
managed to ink drawings without interruptions 
Very Greatful for my mom 
The health of my children. 
1. 
help people 
a job I love that allows me to make money and go to school. 
Decided to take 2 kids to Build-a-bear workshop as my act of Christmas spirit this year. 
Reasonably healthy children and grand kids 
Feeding my cat early and going back to sleep 
My family - without them I would be lost. 
Family 
My buddy from college asked for my address to send a Christmas card. 
watched harbor skyline on the way to Veddel 
Earlly Christmas gifts from my parents. 
Money back on a cancelled bill. 
not sure how to answer this question. 
Less stress this morning. 
the opportunity to enjoy time with my children 
sis is starting to nap better. 
Cool xmas story idea 
Got a Job offer 
Beautiful Feet ministry 
have a loving boyfriend who privies for me without expecting anything in return 
My kids both woke up in a good mood and were sweet and loving. 
We are able to pay our bills 
my kids 
Waking up to Grandma's cookies and caramel corn. 
have a house 
The first thing that brightened my day was my incredibly sick boyfriend forcing himself to sit upright, wish me a good day, and to tell me he loves me. 
Realising it was my boss's last day in work before going on holiday. 
books 
Confirmation de possibilité de jeu de société dimanche 
Being able to do pretty much anything. 
The doctor saying everything is ok. 
very thankful that Fr. 
When I watched my fiance wake up. 
thx Lord give my hubby wisdom & humble heart to come to me for helping purchase a house this morning, then he said : " my wife is the best ! 
found a cool new band that is from Fairfield CT and playing a show at Mercury Lounge in January. 
1. 
woke up 
waking up to my two cats 
That my job cared about me if not I would have fallen apart 
Les efforts faits sur la modification du classement Netcraft portent leurs fruits : OVH est de nouveau leader Européen , et #3 Mondial. 
Talked to my Mom 
the first thing that brightened my day was waking up next to the man that I love 
My family is the best thing in my life. 
My next door neighbors helped me get out of my driveway so I was able to make it into work today. 
woke this morning 
Seeing Nolan the little boy I nanny for. 
did not have to walk to work today. 
my husband and children 
Woke up to a message from my finance on the county message board 
Ethan was able to pick up Evie from daycare so that I could spend a little more time shopping in Columbus. 
Having a loving and supportive family. 
got to write a poem! 
so grateful for my friends that I made in Korea. 
The first thing I am grateful for are my children, they are attractive smart obedient and lovable. 
woke up this morning. 
my family 
giving gifts 
Jacob 
Fetchit is starting to understand the "down/stay" command. 
My Grandchildren 
Grateful, that my children are Happy and Healthy, 
My Kids happiness. 
Have so much fun with my kids. 
Unhappy marriage 
Betsy Thomas login 
Pat was home 
Talking to my sister. 
Started going through boxes from recent move. 
my children arrived home safely for the Christmas festivities. 
was happy and playing with Bauer. 
The gift in my secret santa stocking - chocolate! 
my sis coming to take me to take care of my business after she got off from work. 
the opportunity to work with my husband everyday, and that he enjoys having me with him. 
my childrens 
thing that makes my life great are my children 
my health. 
I actually have a well paying secure job. 
Silly, but I am so grateful for the ITW Facebook Group and for the laughs they provide. 
My bowl of peaches and whipped cream. 
Old highschool girlfriend came by 
woke up 
The pizza luncheon we were given for Christmas 
Excited about learning new things. 
the pretty shadow the planter outside my bedroom window casts in the morning when the sun rises 
feel thankful when I can accomplish my daily house work. 
having a roof over my head , my dog, food in my fridge, being able to pay my bills 
Kim gave me a beautiful Candle for christmas. 
A nice tip from a good regular at the bar who is also a good friend and listener. 
Being creative and helping others. 
Dom asked how I was doing today. 
our children 
woke up alive 
Having a job 
my Husband 
Completing over 90 minutes of editing — 45 minutes more than I planned! 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing Cleo and Riley. 
A funny text from my husband. 
None of my children have been in jail 
good health. 
we are able to afford the exterminator. 
The first thing I made happen today was to cook breakfast for my son. 
got a lovely Christmas decoration in the mail from my best Friend. 
The first thing that I remember brightening my day today was hearing a flock of geese. 
getting a new work assignment that I will enjoy 
BBQ lunch from Brad at Epsco 
to have Eli in my life 
Lovely roommate family 
seeing my sister before work. 
Jim checked on me 
Christmas music 
My husband Jim. 
My puppies 
boss 
My Shyanne is happy and healthy 
waking up to the dogs on the bed 
sun 
Marley, my dog, snuggling on the bed with me. 
Grateful to see my age 58. 
the relationships that I have with my children 
Girls in good mood this morning. 
have a place to live. 
The heat came on. 
Time to practice. 
The bus driver saying hello. 
got to pick up Nina from home and take her to work. 
sleeping in 
was grateful that when I got to work, most of the inventory count and freight was done, because it meant for a less stressful night. 
Got all of my daughter's gifts ready 
Miguel 
Mom, TOdd and my horse 
my baby boy. 
my Wife!Through many years now, and many difficulties, we have managed to stay together, and to continue to renew our commitment to one another that this is a forever love. 
took a loooong, well needed nap because I wasn't feeling well. 
Breakfast in bed 
Getting a text this morning from my love 
Got into my car at lunch, and started to drive. 
have amazing co-workers, and they regularly uplift my mood with a joke or a bit of chat. 
Moved into a nice rental house, there is enough space that my roommates and I do not step on each other's toes. 
Sneha complimented on my hair well done...it felt good talking to her. 
Warm home 
getting rid of the headache I woke up with. 
have a short drive to work that saves me gas money 
my friends who listen to my endless concerns. 
My Shiro who gives unwavering love and cuddles 
School 
Jessica had people shovel. 
the sun shining in the sky 
1. 
Waking up after a good sleep, feeling rested. 
made breakfast burritos for the whole family plus a friend. 
My husband pulling me close and saying, lets get close and kissing me this morning. 
My husband called 
Finishing 4 pieces of jewelry, especially the dreamcatcher. 
Recognizing that I was no longer feeling angry. 
having two healthy, happy children. 
Yesterday morning, I woke up very early to work on my nephew's Ninja Turtle ornament and initially thought I would cover the whole thing with clay, but figured it would be just as nice keeping it simple with a clay bandana and it came out good. 
the Christmas tree my boyfriends family bought us (a real one of course!) 
Someone brought me coffee in bed today. 
my mother cares so much about me that she stayed in Pittsburgh and has stayed very close. 
To have so much fun during my day at work. 
remembered to thank God for another day and allowing me to have a home, food, clothes and a son. 
Dylan got home safe 
woke up 
Nothing 
finally returned a bad printer ink cartridge with out a receipt and before the crowds. 
My boyfriend snuck out at 3:30 in the morning to buy the stuff to bake me a cake and surprise me when I woke up for my birthday. 
to be able to live where there is no snow! 
a smile from Keith when I showed up unexpectedly. 
the nights that we all sit around the fireplace watching Modern Family. 
coffee 
having a healthy daughter, a loving mother, a stable job, and a place to live. 
My teenage kids when they get a long and when they surprise me with wanting to help me. 
My husband who really understands how important family is to me, even if he's struggled with his own family issues. 
everyday for the love of my precious granddaughter. 
a mother 
spending lots of time and thought on it, I found a card and gift I am excited to send to my girlfriend for CHristmas abroad. 
My brother agreed to help me with my rent. 
Morning Coffe 
Being able to sleep in, and sleep next to Pete without a kid in the middle. 
got up and got my son to school yesterday without an alarm. 
having purpose 
waking up each day 
A call from my husband on his way to work 
Logans smile 
my wonderful fiance 
was informed that my husband should keep an eye on me--as I am "stunning" :O 
my fiance is home with me for christmas vacation. 
my wonderful Children 
my health 
Even though I am sick, I was able to work from home and not have to use my PTO. 
my family and our open communication today. 
My coworker who knows that i do the best work i can even though it is tough. 
My Children 
My pets were happy to see me get out of bed. 
corey, my spouse.. hes always there when i need him, he tells me like it is.. keeps me grounded, n tries to cheer me up when i am down. 
Waking up knowing I didn't have to do anything today. 
was able to bring my family to see their family for the holidays b/c I have the financial means to do so. 
got Mom to Coumadin on time. 
Alissa was keep saying she loves me over and over again when I was petting her belly in the emergency room yesterday 
Connecting with friends and family. 
My dogs - Oliver, Oscar and TJ. 
my stepdaughter is helping out around the house. 
My husband is very willing to pitch in and share the cooking/cleaning duties. 
didn't have to walk home in the rain. 
The first thing to brighten my day was my husband. 
Supportive friends at work. 
My husband 
My husband and my children. 
alive 
Taking the step and calling the MayFair to schedule an appointment and calling La petite for a tour 
Waking up to my beautiful daughter. 
sarah & shawn 
slept in and got coffee this morning, then got to brainstorm some goals. 
Beautiful, smart daughters 
have a steady stream of income for life 
snuggly dogs 
my husband, my 2 wonderful children and my 2 perfect grandchildren. 
spent the day with my children and grandchildren. 
getting the good morning text message from Richard. 
Nana and Papa were picking up Luke for a sleepover. 
my cat isn't suffering anymore, and that I was brave enough to help him. 
Getting on the health.gov 
cooking dinner every night this week. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting two packages in the mail from loved ones for Christmas. 
My daughters telling me that I am warm and intelligent, just like Mom. 
so grateful that we have a beautiful home. 
Sutton's smile during his Christmas program. 
The way Emily's hair lay on my pillow this morning while she was happily sleeping. 
So grateful for my wonderful daughter who created an animal hospital that engaged the youngers while I was able to write a blog post- writing is cleansing for my spirit and connects me to the good in my life. 
that mark is still alive 
The thought of getting some crab makes me happy 
The first good thing I did today was my volunteer tutoring at the elementary school 
Mark being so invested in helping me and understanding me. 
Seymour my dog 
my husband who loves and cares for me. 
My senior agreed easily to me leaving early on Thursday 
discovered that I have talents and passions that match up with another person who is important to me right now. 
Matthew helped me bring in groceries 
how my mother is always there for me, no matter what. 
My interview went well at crochet pt! 
Dan brought me home breakfast this morning. 
to my loving partner in life. 
Olivia cleaned up the trash from the upstairs bathroom 
woke up and never heard the noisy neighbours 
had a delicious salad for lunch. 
Coffee being ready. 
our house looks so beautiful for Christmas. 
Kristi came over and we did our Bible study. 
Taking a walk 
Waking up: I had the challenge of waking up earliar than usual to take eldest child to school and that meant having to also take the youngest, who is normally also asleep. 
greateful that I woke up early and went strait to the library to get ready for my Econ test. 
The Humanist Community for which I get to play such an integral part (I am President) makes me truly happy. 
The first thing that brightened my day was .... 
get to see my older daughter. 
My husband when he helps me 
my husband, 
Listening to Twisted Sister Christmas very loudly. 
snuggling with pugs 
My dog 
My boys. 
received 2 compliments on my hair style today. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting bros ins. 
a boyfriend who loves me no matter what. 
meeting Kim 
finished all the work that I had to do. 
my meatballs I made 
when I thought that I would be able to write 6 articles for Textbroker today. 
Having a supportive family including loving animals. 
waking up 
Ollie was feeling better thanks to me and fellow employees 
Having a job 
I was in the phone room all day 
James works so hard to support us. 
My family. 
waking up to my baby 
Seeing and talking to my favorite teacher! 
Getting a lot of sweet kisses from my dog, 
my daughter 
the opportunity to have Natosha here with me. 
my children who make me laugh when I feel more like crying 
Having coffee with the girls this morning. 
I was able to eat lunch with my dad today. 
my best friend Kelly. 
very grateful for the generous offering i received in my xmas card today. 
my parents are just a phone call away. 
Productive phone call with Joel, my coworker. 
got crafts for Christmas 
got up 
my family 
had a pleasant conversation with Candace 
abuse from Pfor the next week, I don't have to worry about abuse from CI no longer have to worry about paying my bills 
Thankful for being able to work part-time and haveLauren take care of herself for 4hrs. 
My friends came over last night to play games with me and I had a great time 
my kids 
1. 
woke up to say bye to my mom, step-dad, and brother before they leftto BC for Christmas. 
my husband cleaned the bathrooms. 
got an extra 20 minutes of quality sleep but still got Sonya up by 9:45. 
Having a home to call home. 
Friends at work :) 
being with my husband 
Two little wonderful boys that loves and thinks the world of their mom. 
Kissing my husband goodbye this morning. 
People wishing me Merry Christmas 
no one was seriously injured in the car wreck in front of work today. 
Crystal... she has been a lifesaver and is letting me live with her while I try to get my life back on track 
Having a place to live 
David. 
I got hired for a second job. 
Challenging work 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I got a full nights rest. 
was warm in bed. 
My beautiful friends and girlfriend. 
was able to get a couple of things done. 
Widya shared her lunch made by Dario today. 
A cute note from my daughter 
the dog did something funny 
my cousin shyrea spoke to me. 
My best friend and little sister, Christine. 
My body's ability to keep up with my lifestyle, having a toddler who Im feeding, eating less than optimally sometimes, and dealing with teh stress I put upon myself quite often 
My son 
coworkers making me laugh 
Family. 
My family 
A smile from a stranger 
A friend called me today. 
someone listened to my needs 
Waking up with my new husband and feeling cozy and warm and sharing my dream! 
Spending time with my son 
today for having a roof over my head and money to live on. 
shelly is always ready to help out! 
Having my daughter Jessie stay here at home with me while Hal is gone on his trip. 
my family, my job, my mom who is still alive 
My Children 
Liam said, "thank you Momma for.." and "I love you Momma." 
My husband and all his love and support. 
woke up and felt good 
Seeing Guzzi smile this morning after ;) 
1. 
Friends 
Decoteau doing the dishes- even if he doesn't do the best job, it's nice that he tries. 
1. 
worked out and ran/walked on an incline for 30 minutes 
My family 
seeing my son smile 
my friend who goes every where with me. 
had a good workout, with 50 back tucks, and a total landing volume of 100. 
Having a family who loves me. 
Family 
Waking up with my puppy Penny 
A text from Jim 
had a good breakfast 
my nephew because he can bring a smile to my face when no one else can. he has so much energy and is full of questions and interesting ideas. 
would buy a car so I am no longer reliant on others to get around. 
fixed my mechanical problem with ncp and arranged for fed ex pickup today. 
sean is in remission from lymphoma for over a year now and his health is better in a lot of ways. 
lots of hugs from my little cousins; laughter and tickles...and no tears, though this may be the last time i see them in four years 
my husband and i got to go out today and finish christmas shopping 
Finding the great head scarf for $1.50 and a pair of slippers for my sister. 
both appointments I had for today could be changed so easily because of the storm. 
Charlie, my cat 
Grateful for having God in my life, God is a very important part of my life with everything I have been through it matters to me that I am living my life in such a way that is stress free, praying and praising God does help me do that 
laying in bed until i felt like getting up 
When my son did his 'I love you' hand sign when I dropped him off at school. 
got some work done in the house 
The first thing that brightened my day was a welcome snuggle from my cat. 
Being alive 
The days that I am able to stay home with my family, are my most productive days. 
Waking up and seeing my Loves 
having coffee ready for me when I got up 
I have a job that allows me to feel productive and creative across a wide platform. 
Reese's never wavering empathy for my problems, no matter how trivial they are or how often they reoccur. 
day was over 
God 
seeing zoey in the morning 
Fergus my kitten. 
my boyfriend for just being here for me. 
My ability to help others be happy, makes me feel better, doing for others 
The walk in the park 
The roof doesn't leak any more. 
the first thing that brightened my day was my dog seems to be getting better with his cough. 
my Daughter, Kyleigh. 
able to make my own hours and my boss and coworkers are understanding of my limitations. 
finished payroll by 10 am giving me the rest of the day free. 
waking up to my babies 
Waking up, and knowing I have another day to share with others. 
my kids 
Time to organize 
Chad hugging me this morning. 
Ronan 
Having my daughter smile at me when she woke up this morning. 
was complemented for helping out with the phones. 
my family 
my job 
my family and I are together and healthy... 
Being a mom to my boys best gift ever 
got to spend the day with my daughter 
finished my part of the vocals for the WOTS CD 
stood up for myself about Jeff having the realtor over today. 
1. 
woke up 
when my children woke up 
1. 
Seeing my collegues at work 
Getting the scarf today from one of the parents: with an OM Ganesha pattern! 
Talking to my daughter for a few minutes when she came home from work. 
Talking o Sandy 
How wonderful Hannah looks in her new glasses 
My family makes my life great. 
The first thing that brightened my day was receiving my unemployment check. 
Went to lunch with good friends, and they picked up the tab. 
had breakfast with a new friend 
Today was sunny and warmer than usual. 
the love of my family. 
my husband's unconditional love 
Getting dog bones at the bank. 
God saw fit to allow my existence yet another day, when He could very well have said I was far too much trouble, and instead focused on another 
My daughter 
having a roof over my head and all the amenities such as laundry facilities, kitchen, hot showers, and heat. 
Seeing Kiera and Drew playing with Grampy (stayed over because of the snowstorm) 
Daren listened to me and validated my feelings 
my friend stopped by with a tin of my favorite cookies 
The Birthday wishes on my facebook wall. 
my husband spending time with me today :)))))) 
got up and walked this morning. 
The first thing that brightened my day was fitting into my smaller jeans 
Marla called about praying together tomorrow. 
got packages in the mail today! 
My daughter 
My family 
Waking up to being snuggled 
healthy, intelligent, loving sons and husband. 
suddenly lost a pet 3 days after Xmas. 
very thankful for my daughter Maria who brings joy to my life everyday 
being sick I still managed to Emilie to preschool for her Christmas party, even though my want to just stay in almost won out 
My kids saw I was struggling and cuddled and hugged me. 
my daughters laugh 
My baby Ivy and husband Dan 
My morning walk with my grandmother. 
my kids cleaned up 
My Family 
didn't get in any car accidents in spite of the yucky slippy streets! 
First, I am grateful that I have two wonderful children. 
haven't been able to pay the water bill and the water is still on. 
Sarah was happy when I brought home a sweet green tea for her. 
A husband 
Having breakfast with friends 
Know that I am loved 
we made sales at work 
Getting a text from my girlfriend saying that she loves me. 
have a business that I created that once was far more fulfilling while it no longer does. 
got plenty of sleep last night. 
My boys' laughter and minimal crying 
a job was finished 
Having a good day with my son 
My work was in good order for the billing cycle there wasn't anything that wasn't easily handled during my remote work day. 
My boyfriend is kind loving, handsome, has a great sense of humor. 
have people who love me. 
the lights on the tree 
not married to my ex. 
my beautiful daughter 
Short drive that saves gas 
Ryan's email. 
Making out the driveway without getting stuck in the snow. 
when my hsuband was concerned about me 
Only 2 more days till vacation 
getting to sleep in a little bit 
woke up to beautiful snow outside, I so enjoy this time of year because when my christmas lights are shining down on the snow mounds it makes it mystical in some way, like I am a kid all over again. 
made tapioca pudding for dessert. 
life. 
my dogs .. they make me smile even when I don't feel like it 
Sue was thankful that I was able to help all day today. 
very grateful for my handsome boyfriend and the love and kindness he shows me everyday 
The first thing that brightened my day was Rose greeting me. 
WOKE UP THIS MORNING 6 FEET ABOVE..... THANK THE LORD!!!!! 
My son David shoveled the snow out of the driveway and emptied the dishwasher and loaded it and ran it...all without me asking him to - it was nice to have the help. 
coffee 
didn't get anxious prior to my presentation, and as a result had projected a lot of confidence and didn't sit down feeing like I was the underachiever in the room. 
Understanding Garden Club members, and a great time at our Christmas party. 
Laughed with a resident 
Seeing Penelope felt better and was excited to be up and about. 
My friend sent me a text asking how I feel and has been doing so almost every morning. 
My children they have provided a joy that I didn't think I could have. 
My children. 
Getting grandaughter ready for school 
Seeing those two men on the plane introduce themselves and shake hands 
My husband day was off work ,drove the girls to school ,went out for lunch and went shopping. 
helped clean Holly's house. 
Christmas tree. 
Driving home by myself after taking my brother to school. 
Carts being on time 
Having people who love me for me around. 
My family and my boyfriend..they are all a big part of my world and are always there when I am down and need someone to lean on. 
Complement on completing a form for my boss. 
my husband and his kind compliments when I'm upset 
my children and the fact that they fill my home with love and joy 
dont have ti worry about a home, as I have gotten into a good rent to own program. 
Going shopping with a new friend or a friend I've just had for the past year. 
my therapist helping me to try to cope 
The start to a new relationship. 
remembered to bring student projects back to work so I could send them home. 
My friend trusts me with her horse. 
I have numerous friends I can call at anytime that I know love and support me. 
greatfull for my daughter. 
Robyn came over on Saturday and we had a nice lunch and drinks after. 
Resident came in and said they missed me when i was gne and were happy i am back. 
my home , my husband , my children .I live in wonderful community that is quiet and friendly.I enjoy having garden every spring .I'm thankful that myhusbands cancer treatment is working. 
Talking to a friend helped me see I am improving by not mentally beating myself up all of the time. 
went out despite not wanting to. 
Seeing my sister 
got my daughter afo,s taken care of. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I woke up hungry instead of feeling full and gassy because I didn't overeat last night. 
Was excepting its okay to go back to bed and not have the Christmas spirit. 
apologized to someone who had been effected by my jealousy. 
my son did his chores without procrastination or drama. 
got to sleep in this morning. 
smart. 
My friend Laura! 
got to work a little bit later than I was scheduled. 
My family 
My Grandma because of all she does to help me get by 
have had someone speak disrespectfully to me which triggered my raging temper but I did not allow them to cause me to re-act violently. 
to have such a rock solid husband. 
Being able to have time to clean up a few things. 
was able to clean the kitchen floor and vaccum the living room and hallway. 
i hooked up with billy :) awww 
Being greated with smiles from my son 
have caring staff that work really hard to keep the horses safe and happy 
Jesus cats pool freedom health 
1. 
reflected about time spent with my significant other. 
Kelley accepted my date for lunch 
My husband is my best friend and the love of my life. 
Grateful for receiving gifts from the kids. 
wrote to mark about his mixed and controlling messages and he didn't blow up. 
Jamming in worship team on the song He is Faithful 
Lilly 
It was 50 degrees today and it was lovely 
My family who are always supportive 
My friends see the good in me. 
Knowing that after today I was on vacation until after christmas 
Amy who I have had a 10 year relationship with. 
a latte 
talking to friend 
blah blah blah 
Mom had a good day today. 
family members drinking and driving 
Getting to go with my son to Norman 
MY HUSBAND 
time with B, all those giggles and cuddles. 
to wake up each day and see my 3 furry companions waiting for me to start their day. 
woke up to a cold but sunny day. 
my kids 
hearing my tortoise making noises in the leaves he is hibernating in. 
spoke to a friend that I hadn't spoken to for a while. 
L - He Listens to me. 
my son had a good day at school. 
I am alive. 
an old friend got back in touch 
went to the dentist 
Finding out a friend of mine beat cancer and is now in Jamaica celebrating her health. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up and realizing that I had two muffins from last night that I could eat for lunch. 
have food in the cupboards to feed my kids 
My husband and my health. 
Someone special texted and checked up on me. 
Getting to leave work early on a no-charge ticket 
the first thing that brightened my day was waking up to my littlest pup curled up to me nose to nose. he melts my heart and makes waking up not so bad. 
My teenage daughters were fun and loving today 
My Dad 
God,husband, health,family 
picked out a cute outfit. 
Guy is working at Tiffany's and that he made me breakfast and brought me chips tonight after work 
My Period - It's great to not be pregnant 
got out on my bike. 
My christmas gifts from Tom. 
coordinated a graduate conference twice, which was a very high stress project, and it went off very well. 
realized that we have two days left of work. 
everything my mom does for the family. 
the delicious dinner yesterday with the family. 
Final exams. 
being able to make orange and clove pomanders with my two older children as part of a Yule celebration activity, representative of the returning sun in anticipation of the upcoming Winter Solstice. 
got a nasty note from my son's teacher yesterday. 
I’m grateful that I’ll get to see my family in just three days. 
Hearing from Mike. 
Eigen huisje, erg blij dat ik niets meer hoef te delen en voor mezelf zorg. 
the morning sunrise 
my sister sending me pictures and videos of my nephews. 
thoughtful people in my life like jaimie and nadine who ask me lots of questions instead of talking about themselves and remember things that I like 
to the people who love me and make my days meaningful. 
being able to spend time together as a family more now that pat is home 
the DMV worked out well today. 
Interaction with another person 
got my new cell phone, it helped me in amazing ways. 
hugging ella when i came home 
getting along with my wife 
Lunch food 
my wife Laura, who always helpfully checks me whenever I'm feeling overly important or stressed out. 
God giving me a second chance at life 
the first thing that brightened my day was when i looked outside and seen a clear bright blue sky outside 
1. 
my father helps me financially while I am going through my Master's Program. 
My father is no longer abusive toward my sister. 
people really like me 
received an unexpected gift 
have a fabulous view of the lake (which makes me smile) from my window. 
Cool air coming out of the window- not cold 
My child hugging me 
Getting paid 
Christy at work had dinner with me 
Yoga! 
a an extremely supportive group of friends or friend that listens to me all the time about stupid and important things 
Seeing Hobbit, his health and happiness are so good. 
Seeing my baby smile at me 
my passion. 
Knowing the truth, having a husband who shows love and truly cares about me, not having to work. 
James, who loves me, is patient with me, takes care of me when I need him, has adventures with me, and does thoughtful things to make me smile. 
Not getting the job with Wiggin and Dana (I already did that) 
Drinks with Jenna 
James being so patient and supportive of me with my body image and food problems. 
Talking to Bart 
James told me I looked beautiful. 
my kids. 
my neice called me today 
1. 
I have a job. 
Having some time to spend with my husband in the morning, just the two of us, while the kids were in school. 
MY relationship with my boyfriend makes it great. 
Calling Nick in Montreal and wishing him a happy birthday! 
go out running 
Robin brought Tim and I a Christmas Card and chocolates. 
Ooops! Forgot to save this. 
My insulin pump came in 
No rent 
god let me wake up for another day to read his word. 
my Dad is feeling better 
compliament on my hair 
Hugs and kisses from Oliver when he came home last night, and checking in periodically while he was out shopping. 
got up early. 
JP texting me to share how the celtics are losing to the pistons. 
My children bring great happiness, but also worry of their future and that I can't always provide what I want for them. 
Waking up to my sons getting along on Christmas break 
Sunshine today, after days of sub zero, super cold temps. 
Guy texting me early in the morning to wish me a good day. 
My son brightens my days everyday. 
Grateful for coworkers being fun. 
My husband. 
a healthy family, having enough to eat and living in a very happy and comfortable environment 
have such an easy going team to work with. 
was able to get some cleaning done 
the baby slept better last night. 
Chad always gives me kisses before leaving for work 
Missed/canceled flight at airport with Shane & Chad. 
got a great night of sleep last night and woke up refreshed! 
my dogs 
Seeing my daughter happy about attending her snowball dance today 
was grateful for making it to work safely. 
my husband 
i work in an area that i can walk and take in all kinds of sights, scents and sounds...love downtown a2 
1. 
had uninterrupted sleep last night. 
Baby napped for a long enough time to give myself some much needed "me time". 
My husband is kind to me. 
was able to get up and take my grandson to the bus stop on time even though it snowed. 
Having a daughter who is so intellegent and understanding to the fact that we can't always have everything. 
The first thing that brightened my day was Dewayne texted me good morning. 
Waking up late 
Oreo 
health 
actually got a record player from a friend. 
my daughter loves books. 
my dad gives me free stuff when I visit home! 
finshih my book today 
a good person 
to have a job 
good people who have open minds and are caring. 
We ordered a new key for the car, now we will be able to open and lock the doors without using the key manually! 
Family. 
My husband 
Hubby helping by organizing boys bedrooms 
my sweet sweet daughters 
The first thing that brightened my day was finding out that Guacamole only had a cyst and not something more serious! 
I am getting a new roof. 
Justin brought home cookies and saved me the ones he knows I like. 
woke up. 
Getting a Christmas Card from an old friend. 
working with a student and giving him praise 
made a stocking for my kids 
My aunt Angie took me shopping. 
WOKE UP- had tea- read some of my writing- thought about how my life is now- and what it was like before- that i do not struggle because of my family- other than internally-because of my family and extended family-i can communicate openly 
a post from Francis on Facebook 
waking up 
Coffee 
my husband, 
woke up healthy. 
being a mom 
Spencer took a nap so that I could have some computer time to myself. 
I can ask for help at any time. 
My neighbor put out a good computer desk and I was able to get it and clean for my son to use as a shelf to put his stuff on. 
The first thing that brightened my day was knowing that I have the power to manifest. 
to live in a nice home in a safe neighborhood. 
having my kids at home with me 
Visiting a good friend 
the sun was out- 
my husband 
Knowing how much I love my Joey and the rest of the family. 
Woke up well rested. 
Aiden showed respect and manners in public when his friends were not. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that Allison chose to get up with me this early morning to pick me up from an appointment. 
Going outside and finding it was much warmer than I thought. 
my loving husband and my awesome son. 
had a chat with my 5 year old in the morning. 
Signed a new contract today for another project that will start at the beginning of the year. 
Someone gave me a ride to where I needed to go. 
Clay listened to my problems and helped me overcome my overthinking. 
pulled together a lesson plan even though I didn't have all of the materials I needed. 
Time with my family where we just get to spend time together being us and enjoying each other 
Fiz muitas pessoas rirem hoje 
my cats 
Meeting Joy on the bus and her heartfelt compliments 
was able to sleep in. 
J-ManCJNOwn homequiet 
when ant betty called and said she found some coke stuff this weekend at her house, 
hearing from my nephew thumper 
sunshine 
New foster puppy coming to the house in time for Christmas. 
no longer have to worry about Jaime being abusive, cheating on me, and spending all of my money. 
woke up, walked the dogs, showered and made it to my psychiatrist appointment. 
this personal time that I am having right now. 
My 22 year old daughter made my 8 year old cry last night. 
got to stay in bed until I felt like getting up. 
Someone held the elevator for me yesterday 
My Emma waking me up this morning with her beautiful SMILE! 
My roommates make me feel like a real person!!!!! 
1. 
ready for Christmas! 
Hellish nightmare of a job at HMK 
My kids 
Liam cuddling in and kissing me 
CTA armoured truck person was nice and talked to me even though I couldn't have seemed very receptive as I was in a sour mood from being made late to work by the blue line shutting down but I did make it to work before 10. 
Spoke with Priscilla on a personal level 
god 
very grateful i was able to get out of bed unassisted. 
Kind husband 
got to spend time with my family 
My family 
my latte coffee 
able to work from Boston today 
My home is safe. 
My dogs being happy 
clean sox 
getting time to myself 
My life is great because God loves me, Jesus died for me, and the Holy Spirit has healed, changed and directs me. 
My boss's "Pep Talks" They're always off topic but on topic and very colorful. 
the sun was shining 
woke up 
my son cleaned the cat litter box. 
Trish let me work from home 
my son every day. 
My marriage makes my life great, full, and happy. 
have a wonderful supportive network of friends across the US and the Globe 
Joking around with Tony made the work day seem to go by a little faster. 
My daughter took grandson to school. 
received a beautiful friendship calendar from one of my oldest and dearest friends in the mail. 
F's big smile this morning 
The animals looking up at me with love in their eyes. 
i'm alive 
Getting my packages for Christmas in the mail. 
my grandchildren 
woke up and my cold was much better 
made a good breakfast. 
had emails from old friends and new friends. 
bella my animal friend dog brings me joy everyday 
The first thing that brightened my day was going out with Barry and looking around town. 
Today is my oldest daughters birthday. 
to Allah, for the water I drink, the air that I breath, and the life he has given me. 
Having time to myself 
Seeing Sasha 
woke up next to my grandson Jeremiah he slept over and was next to me in bed. 
Waking up. 
had conversation and breakfast with Meredith and Ellison. 
both of my children took naps today. 
now living in a really cute apartment with my two children and my significant other. 
my family. 
met an outstanding human being who amazes me with every other thing she says. 
there is one work day left before the 2 week holiday break 
A spouse 
not grateful. 
the love of my life, Brandon. 
an awesome breakfast 
My Husband 
my girls 
Mark and his love. 
Hearing the recorder group while I was waiting at the hospital. 
made Lee's mom happy by visiting (and also getting her a Kindle)I got Lee to take a driving break and walk around Savannah with me.I convinced Lee to stay in a hotel for one more night to extend our vacation! 
My daughter 
1. 
Someone remembered my name even though I had a bad hair day with a hat on. 
The neighbor's sweet dog greeting me for a petting. 
The love I share with my 2 Sons. 
enjoyed my time at the rest home watching the students perform. 
got to watch my daughter sleep peacefully this morning for a few minutes before leaving the house. 
Waking up to a clean house 
being able to pick up my daughter from school today. 
K and K :) 
Katie and Jonah getting me a gift for staying at their place over Christmas and watching Chance and Rylee. 
Having both dogs snuggle with me and lick my face when I awakened. 
first and foremost for my husband and daughter. 
the jobs I have. 
being married to a great husband 
spent time with loved ones 
sunshine and warmer 
first thing that brightened my day was Missy Meow was still sleeping on my pillow when I woke up. 
laughed at a joke Mr. Richard told. 
My dog(s) snuggling with me. 
Getting along with Edwina. 
Woke up to find it was sunny today. 
Ben taking the dogs out so I could finish my game 
my husband of forty years, that I was blessed with my life's mate who is more than I could have ever dreamed of. 
having a job. 
first thing that brightened my day was...nothing 
The sunshine 
we are home with more support for my son 
getting a gift from 1 of my 3rd grade students 
waking up everyday 
the preschoolers that loved their facepaint so much they wouldn't wash it off 
Waking up this morning..TY Lord for another day 
Got up 10 min earlier than usual and fixed a fruit smoothie to drink. 
sold snake 
finished a work assignment 
MY SON GETTING A JOB 
It was snowing!!!! is pretty and it means clean air for me!.. 
accomplishing more on my to do list 
made it to my appointment on time even though I woke up late and rushed to get there. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up next to Matt. 
went to Tonya's office to talk about working on F7 and she seemed receptive. 
was complimented on my knitted kimono sweater by both knitters and my new boss. 
helping my daughter understand her homework 
My former mother in law unexpectedly sent me a lovely email 
The support of people I've come to know from ACS. 
completed all stores that were assigned 
My family 
Seeing Brittys dog Meg. 
My camera may not be a total loss. 
we have made it through the week and Steve has stayed sober. 
all of the moments I get to spend with my beautiful daughter - her smiles, her tears, her laughter, her anger. 
Spent time with my family and we were all together and even my ex husband was here and we all had a good time. 
Fitz watched my kids for me for 4 hours 
My Dog waking me up, ready to share a toy with me! 
Hugging my daughter before she left for school because she hugged back. 
Brey for having initiative and taking care of me. 
Jameson brought me breakfast from Biscuits and Groovy, which I'm always asking for but he usually doesn't want to go because of the long line. 
The boys got their Christmas cards done. 
meeting caitlin for breakfast 
that my mom is doing so well, and helped me take care of Mikayla today. 
was grateful the group last night at short hills had high sales 
My daughter and husband 
My son came over and brought me a Christmas tree and helped me decorate it. 
Styled Andrew's hair for the dance. 
the elderly father of my friend Julie whom I help in the mornings.He made me smile ! 
my friends at work who I get to talk and spend time with. 
lain smiling 
Waking up and meditating 
My family has shelter and food. 
I have a place to call my own. 
Signed back up for school 
my loving and caring husband who is always supportive of me. 
my 4 beautiful, healthy, happy children 
Being able to have a round table bitch off about the exact same thing with my oldest friend. 
have a new job 
all the kids are employeed 
have a shorter commute, and I get to drive by Glenwood Cemetery on the way there, which warms my heart and grounds me. 
nash bringing me a donut home for breakfast 
company christmas lunch today 
That first cup of coffee 
made it to work on time. 
Going to see Jacob in the AM 
all of my grandchildren. 
my kids 
My call to Tita Alice 
made a friend feel better and laugh after her grandfather's recent passing. 
God blessed me through Donald's sharing! 
Ronni, because I have someone to talk to and gets me. 
Going to work 
kids- excited and happy for Christmas. 
heard from Jared. 
went to my first appointment with a life coach and to begin working on my purpose and to make positive changes. 
Tomorrow is Friday 
The first thing that brightened my day was my young daughters face when I see it in the morning. 
won a flat screen TV from my company for Christmas 
Benjamino. 
my dog. 
my husband Chad who stays with me despite my corks. 
Coffee on the drive in.The drive in was easy enough.The weather today was great.Work is easy also.The doctor I work with is good to talk to. 
had a nice conversation with A after I got home 
seeing Christy 
Feeling better 
My kids' unwavering and hugs 
Greyson is starting to really like to spend time with me in the evenings. 
watched Super Fun Night 
Got things to storage 
The first thing that brightened my day was my oldest child being sweet to his brother. 
the love of my man. 
used to be stressed about pleasing a god in heaven who had laid out all of these strict and unreasonable laws for me to follow. 
Today we planned an outing to a State Park for a walk and a picnic. 
got to relax and sleep in 
My friend took me to the Dr. today. 
Getting a recipe to keep as a family tradition... 
morning sex 
had a lunch with coworkers today 
Kids did what they were asked at bedtime and went to bed happy. 
Greta had the cat's head in her mouth and it made me laugh. 
my cat lying next to me on the bed 
Stacy wrote me on Facebook asking how things went with PJ while he was here 
having a clean home 
the Holy Spirit and the ability we have to use it to connect us to one another. 
Hubby got to sleep in a bit today 
The first thing I'm grateful for at home is my boyfriend. 
making plans with my friends for our upcoming activities 
Got along with hubby 
Email from Tina that she thought having the technicians form a committee to change the workflow was a great idea. 
my co-workers 
jordan saying i love u 
my dogs 
My husband, children and grandchildren. 
Our cat has decided to respect our Christmas tree this year! 
Debbie provided me a ride to and from work today. 
Meeting my new friend Chase for lunch. 
That my grandmother is still alive and sentient. 
Ibuprofen took care of alex's fever 
My son had a great day at school 
helping revamp the rice cooking directions. 
My Yule dinner stuff came in 
my children have a few presents this year. 
We have very little dirty laundry 
Shayla included Buster in their walk today. 
Greg was able to take Laynie to school 
My son provided pizza and movies for he,myself and daughter to enjoy. 
spouse and son went and purchased creamer for my morning coffee 
My daughter 
hearing a favorite christmas song 
going to breakfast 
Getting to talk to one of my best friends 
got a good practice session in. 
finding this website today. 
no longer have to worry about fighting with my ex. 
saw my friend who lives in a different state 
Being able to take care of the things my husband needs done. 
A guest said I was a sweet person 
Seeing Liam again and finally managing to take studio photos after all this time. 
My family 
Performance Anxiety: I use to feel the need to always be doing something (usually work) to feel in control of my life. 
my husband Kevin for being understanding when I am suffering with my chronic back pain and am unable to do much. 
my children were well behaved 
kj;houh 
found the urge to wake up at four in the morning to attend the holiday mass! 
My puppy 
Being able to sleep in until 11:30 with no pressing obligations. 
My kitties greeted me when I woke up. 
got to sleep until 10 am. 
made molasses crinkles for the Christmas event tonight. 
It was raining for the first time in quite awhile. 
Smooth traffic in the morning. 
having someone in my life who accepts me as i am but pushes me to be a better person so i can be happy with myself 
tried to forgive myself for a thing I did by writing it down and shredding it 
Today my manager bought be lunch 
my wonderful husband who is very understanding of my moods. 
When schatzi bear called me 
My Husband who has always been a hard worker and provider. 
When I was playing with my god daughter 
Drinking cofee with my friends in the morning 
the open conversation I had with my boyfriend about why I'm struggling right now to be happy; sharing my struggle to find meaningful connection with my friends and family because I feel I've outgrown certain friendships and ways people have defined me over the years. 
my mother in law was going to her daughters home 
The weather, it warm outside and I had a nice walk to work. 
Having a great New Years with great friends at the farm. 
When I asked my daughter to if I could hold her this morning and she flopped her whole body on my lap. 
actually had a chance to thank my daughter's dad today for the way he has advocated for me recently through co-parenting. 
I am inquisitive. 
My husband and two kids. 
my family of sweet nerds. 
Today Max spilled water all over our school books. 
Finding out I might be able to leave work early today. 
got a return text message from Kimberly Smith about going to work (maybe) after Christmas. 
my family. 
Daddy took H to therapy. 
See the kids sing at their school program. 
Wake up to a sunny day and snow for Christmas 
My kids 
my great neighbors who are also friends 
learned HTML! 
up for Happify and actually getting started on my first track. 
it didn't rain today 
Watching a christmas movie with my sisters 
1. 
My roommates are actually amazing. 
my mom fattening me up while I'm on break from school. 
my family still wants to be around me. 
my easy life compared to the alternatives. 
have a wonderful husband to supports me in everything I do. 
Thomas got Trinity. 
Michael. 
The sky was pink and beautiful when I got to work. 
My puppies sleeping at the end of my bed 
Getting in contact with u2can for pursuing my higher studies. 
1. 
I don't have to work in a toxic environment like I was at Z. 
my kids are so sweet and loving and caring . 
the house being tidy 
the drive to work was smooth and traffic free!! :) 
Got a ride, not having to wake up my wife earlier than needed 
Debbie came to see me, take care of me, give me support. 
1. 
being able to work with a partner who I can laugh with and who is my friend. 
don't have to worry about being in an emotionally taxing relationship. 
to have a day of "freedom" - no homework, and nothing to leave the house for. 
The last hour at work on Friday was quiet 
My son is visiting and doing great in his life. 
My children both waiting at the bottom of the stairs for me this morning 
got to sleep in and felt well rested this morning 
had a great time driving and singing in the car, just feeling happy for no particular reason 
Was watching Holiday Movies with my mom 
Today I woke up hugged by my boyfriend and that makes me very happy every day. 
Thinking of a possible solution to a programming problem. 
got a good night sleep last night 
the support I have in my mother 
my girlfriend Jamie. 
saying ladies first 
The first thing that brightened my day was that my mom made me breakfast. 
我今天的时间还很够用 
spending time with ella today 
removing myself from a negative environment and no longer dwelling on that negativity. 
Good result 
Going for a walk with Milli 
having a safe, warm home to celebrate the holidays in. 
visited a friend I haven't seen in 3 years 
my beautiful daughter 
My wife made me a milkshake for my sore throat. 
My family cares about me. 
The smile of my wife 
Shopping with the kids. 
My dogs 
Wysłałem kilka CV, spędziłem sporo czasu całkiem produktywnie 
there are people who enjoy my company. 
Sending a text to Rohan about how happy I was that he was comfortable saying he was happy we were together. 
Coffee 
Going to yoga 
AliSales!!Getting out of the office!Having Steve Nash Right There 
Being home 
My family in general, being with them. 
Bethany snuggling with me 
having a home and place to live where i can have my things and have my kids come see me; having the chance to go through my things and cullbeing able to fix up the house 
wake up with no pain 
my bosses and colleague at work because they don't treat me as just another employee but as a member of a growing family. 
Hiking withnkenny and he was nice to a puppy 
Completed reading of Health Physics Book 
have room to roam and move around. 
Hearing about how I was funny from Larry 
Finished Christmas shopping. 
Getting a good night's sleep finally. 
very grateful for my family 
A nice, hot cup of coffee 
My grandchildren, they make life worth living. 
feel grateful that I made it to church on time without getting in or causing an accident. 
KL got back from Japan today and showed me photos and souvenirs he brought back for me. 
1. 
That Danielle helps pay rent and is flexible with this. 
Getting along with my children 
being able to fall asleep 
I have children that express their love to me every single day, by either asking for hugs or just simply saying "mom, I love you." 
My family 
My comfy house w puppy 
Que le Ceci me saludara por whatsapp. 
I have friends and coworkers like Tom. 
The first thing that brightened my day was to read an useful blog post. 
Conner coming in giving me a good morning hug 
Tumblr 
got to go to the Rainforest Cafe with my dad, sister and grandmother for my birthday. 
no longer have to worry about being in an abusive relationship. 
made it to class on time. 
Right now, I'm grateful for the people in my life. 
my gf devoted her time and energy to me and my goals this weekend 
really didn't want to get up and work out because it was so cold outside and so warm in bed. 
coffee 
found gifts to give for the holiday 
My daughters grace picture 
Grateful for health and being able to live close to my desired means. 
No crazy girlfriend 
Morning sex. 
my beautiful and supportive family 
Pt ca am reusit sa-i fac netul lui Timoty, si asta l-a bucurat 
a morning message from a close and dear friend 
being alive 
My children, they are healthy, happy and love me. 
juice 
Leo's help and support in getting ready for our guests for Christmas. 
Made some oney 
Destiny text to say Merry Christmas 
had a nice healthy breakfast. 
sick pet was much better today 
when i laughed with vidya 
umgås med pappa 
Waking up to another day. 
My mom 
The sunny weather so I could walk outside enjoying it 
A picture of a puppy 
My Cats 
Waking up early and feeling pretty good. 
Je remercie mon chien pour tout l'amour qu'il me porte 
to have a job seeing as there is a freeze on hiring right now. 
Getting kudos from my mom about organizing activities over the holidays. 
went out for a nice adult dinner with my friends 
Julian 
the love and support from my husband. 
Calling Emma 
my son and I did not fight today. 
found this site and it made me happy to see there is help for us in this fast paste world of ours 
One more day, I managed to get up and go to the gym and eat more healthily! 
Getting dressed and pretty 
exercised 
made headway on the first 500 patients in my project. 
Solen var framme 
Moo cuddling next to me on the sofa 
spending time with Aydin 
Waking up and feeling refreshed 
seeing the puppy 
Ich bin dankbar fuer das Verstaendnis, dass Tina mir entgegen bringt obwohl ich so viel arbeiten muss. 
truly grateful for the home cooked meal I ate today. 
the first thing that brightened my day was getting goodmorning messages from my best friend 
My children are healthy 
Tree is up 
Having a caring husband. 
my neighbor Laura and you love. 
my love affair 
1. 
march to my own drummer 
managed to squeeze in 2 family lunches without stressing out way too much 
I get to be around my sister, and that she continues to be around me and love me. 
My in-laws invited us over for a delicious family dinner 
phoned with Wasily in Kassel 
My time with the kids and listening to Nandan's stories. 
Good weather 
My Children 
Get to come home to a serene beautiful home everyday. 
A customer thanked me for the help I gave him yesterday. 
The first thing that brightened my day was hearing from the Love of my life and how her day was going. 
have two wonderful kids. 
most grateful for Vihaan. 
Was Thankful to be able to talk to Joel about everything and we really talked. 
don't have to worry about the stress of my future as much anymore because I'm in school now and pursuing my dreams 
getting a compliment on my jacket and overall appearance 
when my boyfriend has sent me a message saying i miss you love! 
having money to give my kids a good Christmas. 
Nanna and her cup cake factory 
having the whole day to do what I want 
Going to work. 
Actually enjoying lunch out by myself (I was even stood up and enjoyed it!) 
My kids were excited it was Christmas morning 
We had lunch all together and a movie, had god time watching movie with friends 
Waking up 
Manage The old Reader - new stuff 
It was Christmas so that was a bonus! 
My pets 
passed my state boards last July. 
Call with my daughter 
My life is great because I have the dedication to succeed in everything that I do. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up this morning. 
have a lot of opportunities to learn new things, and friends and family who support me in broadening my horizons. 
My cats 
Creative perspective. 
Receiving several wonderful gifts, including a crock pot that I will get good use out of! 
My run this morning. 
mother called to wish merry christmas 
talking to lolo 
my pets 
My son coming and giving me a hug in the middle of the day and saying I love you. 
my family.My wife made Christmas so nice and we all just had a very nice time being together.Sometimes 
morning cuddles 
was complimented by G for my hard work in martial arts. 
can stay at home. 
Seeing my sons cheeky smile. 
Patting Figaro and receiving unconditional love from him makes me thankful. 
have a well paid office job 
Wakeing up next to my wife feeling good about the night before 
get to have my wonderful babies with me who I love so much. 
Finding out I can order chinese for lunch because now there is a place that will deliver ) 
So grateful for a warm home.No bathtub yet, but running hot water and a shower and washing machine that works! 
my boyfriend Matthew Heath whom I now live with and love unconditionally. 
Accompanying Kathy on errand 
my puppy 
Getting back to work after the hectic holidays 
Bentley, my dog, sitting on my lap 
being with friends over the holidays 
My job 
live in a place I like 
have large family. 
the first thing was waking up and seeing my family, a new day . 
I am relatively healthy. 
My tire pressure gauge finally went off! 
My daughter got up later than normal. 
Got to wear jeans to work. 
Greta bought the doritos for the dinner tonight 
Time with people I trust 
day 5 without my anxiety meds and I feel OK. 
Friends who offer support when I need it 
The first thing that brightened my day was when I discovered/came across new thing that were neat at Whole Foods. 
The help my husband gives me every day 
alive 
My boys took the time to create a song just for me. 
My family's healthy and all together. 
Went for a run and wasn't in pain 
Lauren wanting to order macaroons for dessert at lunch. 
Soda for lunch. 
was grateful that I was able to get most of what was on my to-do list done yesterday--including writing my 100 words. 
My kids 
We are watching our neighbors' dogs while they are away and their pitbull puppy and his antics to get attention put a smile on my face 
I was able to get help filling out my ACA application. 
nice cup of coffee 
call from a friend 
support on phone 
I have a career where I can help others. 
Grateful for being able to Facetime with my granddaughter 
My significant other sent me a picture of himself! 
Samantha, my cat 
my child is happy, I had a good christmas, I got to tke time off from work 
Getting called off of work 
made my first sale on Etsy. 
the true friends I have 
Home-cooked meals by Mom. 
able to give gifts for Christmas 
kids 
my husband 
my health as well as my husband's. 
stay home with my son 
My Boys 
My boyfriend, Sam, kissed me on the cheek to say goodbye this morning. 
Not having to deal with traffic on my way to work. 
have a great husband that loves and supports me through everything. 
When I woke up I did not feel as bad as I did yesterday. 
An old friend from college asked for my address to send me a Christmas card. 
God 
Getting to stay in bed a little bit longer than usual. 
My childhood best friend sent me bindis from India. 
hearing from a friend I haven't talked to in a while 
seeing everyones christmas fun 
Zeus sleeping on the loveseat. 
determination 
Spending time with my family and having a fun christmas. 
Kevin and I slept in. 
Having the day off spending time with family 
A computer at home and access to Facebook to keep in touch with friends and to be able to write private thank yous to friends like I did today. 
Not stressing about my dad and that toxic relationship 
Nathan let me sleep in. 
Jesus Christ 
waking up & enjoying how cozy my bed was 
got the tree out of the house and decorations put away! 
my dog being ok today. 
worked really hard to clean the kitchen, and it looks great. 
Knowing that the new Doctor Who episode was available to watch and watching it. 
My family 
The first thing that brightened my day was enjoying a dirty chai from Starbucks 
Thank you from Sarah and Michelle that they liked gifts. 
got laundry done 
visiting my mom. 
Not being as sick as I felt when I woke up 
created a stained glass Seahawk for my son's Christmas present. 
no work 
leaving work early 
Having my grandchildren with me instead of homeless. 
a mistake on an order I placed is going to be refunded. 
Not having to go to work. 
got to sleep in & spend time with the cats snoozing in bed. 
It's quiet at work. 
My marriage to Adam and the lack of support I got 
wonderful parents...kids, 
watching Luckee enjoying his gifts that I bought him for Christmas. 
waking up to my two cute doggies was the first thing that made me happy today. 
today for strength and energy 
got to see my deer in my backyard today. 
can sometimes make things but have to have help 
family living close 
was able to get out and get the gifts I wanted for Dad, Peg, and April 
my kids, family and friends. 
I have such an attentive husband who is always my biggest support system and the most understanding when I'm hard on myself for not getting done the things I think I should have gotten accomplished. 
Christmas with my fiancee & his family for the fifth year straight. 
Ryan let the dog out for me. 
my daughter was able to have a good Christmas that she really seemed to enjoy. 
the breathe I have every day. 
friendship with adam 
I got to update my iPhone from work. 
Benjamin 
Sleep 
Waking up after a long night's sleep 
Being home alone to organize and clean after the holiday. 
My husband 
My Dog 
my husband, my best friend, my supporter and loves me for me. 
House 
went and got my husband a anniversary present. 
boy being really nice and considerate 
lyn and christina are in /cruces 
heard from my daughter 
being able to work extra hours 
A pigeon on top of a camper 
those around me aren't suffering from any major illnesses right now, during the holidays. 
found new sheets at a great price. 
Thankful to have a family and a wonderful, helpful husband. 
1. 
My two lit boys 
My husband 
The apartment I live in and that I rarely have to worry about covering rent. 
my daughter knew me well enough to know what to get me for lunch since they were out of what I wanted. 
Beautiful home with loving pets 
was grateful to be able to have been able to put gifts under the christmas tree for my sons, and family 
The first thing that brightened my day was to look behind me and still see my Alainia in bed. 
Bank account isn't overdrawn. 
Spending time with Marla 
hug from son 
dinner with mom and dad 
my daughter thought Christmas was great. 
Grateful that I was alive. 
xmas went ok 
didn't have anywhere that I had to be today. 
got to have all of my kids home at the same time for a meal and sharing. 
Mike for wanting a better life 
found out vince went to work and there wasnt a houseful of people 
sunshine outside. 
Grandchildren 
woke up in a pretty good mood! 
Kimo - he's always happy to see me. 
got the Christmas tree taken down. 
1. 
spending fun quality time with my girls. 
woke up this morning not as sick as i was yesterday. 
Sydney's postive reaction to our second phone conversation 
My parents 
Playing with my dog Vera this morning. 
I decided to treat myself and buy these ultra fuzzy blanket, even if it's poorly made. 
Thanks to Andy's life insurance, money is not a significant stressor for me now, and my debts are much closer to being paid off. 
found out i will be a Great Aunt again, in July of 2014. 
being with abbey 
day Brightener: Waking up alive and well. 
taking my time getting up this morning 
woke up to a warm house. 
a hug from my hubby and youngest teenaged son 
Christmas dinner with family 
Husband received positive news from Dr Lunch out my favorite ItalianHaving credit at the Dr 
spending more time with my partner recently while he is being seriously ill, accompanying him in the hospital few times, looking after him during the nights and pretty much being there for him. 
Financial matter is sort out now, hope i keep good track for time being. 
THE FIRST THING THAT BRIGHTEN UP MY DAY IS GOD BECAUSE WITHOUT GOD I WOULDNT BE BETTER PERSON THAT I AM TODAY..AND MY FAMILY WAKING UP TO SEE SMILES ON THEIR FACES.. AND RECONGIZE HOW JOYFUL,AND LOVEABLE THEY ARE TO ME AND ALSO BLESSED THAT I AM TO HAVE THEM IN MY LIFE...AND TO HEAR THEIR VOICES KNOWING THAT THEY OKAYS AND THAT EVERYTHING IS ALRIGHT...ALSO TO WAKE UP AND GET POSTIVE FEEDBACK FROM MY HUBBY WHO I ADORE..BECAUSE HE IS A WONDERFUL PERSON INSIDE AND OUT..AND HE ALWAYS TELL ME HOW BEATIFUL I AM EACH AND EVERYDAY..AND THAT HE LOVES ME.. 
Frank complimented me to one of his good friends. 
having a job so that I can pay my bills and take care of my family. 
shay 
felt much better after being sick 
all my children are healthy and happy. 
It was a sunny day today 
Today, I got up and I just got going on the things that needed to get done, without procrastinating. 
really feel like my life isn't great at this point 
Waking up to too smiling girls. 
a beautiful home. 
The people in my life. 
having a job 
ride a bike. 
My fiancé and I had a wonderful time last night and I feel very loved. 
One thing that make my life great is having a wonderful and loving husband. 
I got plenty of sleep this morning/last night. 
don't have to worry about school stress anymore. 
My cat waking me up at like, 4am, because he wanted cuddles. 
yesterday being Xmas, just remembering that overall it was a blessed and good day. 
Awaking this morning to the idea of possibilities. 
woke up 
family 
Seeing my Aly first thing this morning made me smile. 
Peter helped me with my budget 
the gospel of Jesus Christ and the understanding of life that it gives me as well as the peace and hope of better things. 
Laying on the bed with my kids with them not fighting or arguing watching tv. 
wake up fun :) 
The person that I sent a gift to in a Secret Santa exchange sent me a message thanking me for one part of the gift I sent her. 
my daughter understands me like no one else does. 
seeing my son 
1. 
I've got a call for another showing 
My children are wonderful and gracious. 
My two cats sitting with me on the couch. 
my husband 
my family. 
the hope for a good interview 
The first thing to brighten my day today was my son. 
My family 
It snowed. 
my little guy felt better today 
my kids. 
I took Daisy to get her nails clipped. 
my husband smiling at me 
my kitty Toby 
got up this morning and watched the cats play in their catnip scented brown bag. 
My "getting healthier every day" husband was up and feeling good 
seeing friends at work 
my Kids... 
Each child shared with me what their favorite toy was that they received for Christmas. 
My dog, Sandee has a fenced in yard to run and play. 
Practicing mindfulness before work 
Grateful for Laikyn and the joy she brings me. 
handled work and stress on a daily basis in a very demanding job. 
Waking up with Bill and not having to rush off the holiday job…time to play sexually and greet each other 
Talking with my therapist. 
learned about Temple Grandin 
1. 
My husband 
my son. 
The first thing that brightened me day was seeing my family and saying good morning. 
Knowing that I am ok , physlcial and emotional. 
looking at pictures taken on Christmas of my wonderful family. 
I spent Christmas with my family 
My 3 year old calling me when she woke up 
to wake up this morning greatful the lord is in my life 
was at Christmas dinner with my husband, children, grandson, sister, mother & Grand mother. 
Waking up knowing that I had survived another Christmas--this one having been the least stressful I've had. 
Family 
Quiet time and alone time with my husband 
my husband. 
Seeing my brothers dog, LG 
so grateful for my husband. 
played tennis with my dad and daughters. 
A text from Adam wishing me Happy Boxing Day 
Watching grandson open presents. 
got to spend time with my daughter without any arguments. 
my sons and their accomplishments in life! 
Being on vacation with my family 
Sleeping in with my tall man two days in a row. 
ukhljgvhbk. 
Being with family for the holidays makes me thankful. 
was able to get the things my daughter wanted for the holidays 
Uncle Dennis got the clean-up process started this morning. 
My youngest son loved his Christmas presents and all the food I made - it's important to me that I picked out great stuff for him. 
mailed out 5 free things from the auction site listia to bless other people. 
God 
to have this house, a place to live and to call home. 
getting good buys at store-Boxing Day 
air purifier-stale air,not nice accustomed to now ,glad I bought. 
Car-feels good-runs great-oh that new smell-great on gas too.Yahooo 
A print I found at a second hand store. 
My son drove me to a Drs. 
no one fought during christmas 
The nice flabotomist at Kaiser 
mom's birthday and that she's healthy at 78 
Dad and sister I can go to any time. 
I have so many facebook friends that write to me when I need a boost 
my family and I getting a chance to sit around the table and play Cranium! 
Um dia delicioso na praia com a família 
having found a rental 
Tica and Benny 
my daughter and that I can take her ice skating today in St. Louis. 
got to sleep in 
God 
Reading in bed next to husband. 
Regina made me smile 
got alot of complements today at work. 
Yesterday my boyfriend joined us for my family Christmas. 
My hair looked good this morning, considering I missed my hair appointment last week, 
Cuddling my cat. 
Time w Tammi at church 
Having a business with continued success. 
My roommate is silly and likes the same interesting discussions that I do. 
A good phone interview for a job 
taking a shower 
to have a fun loving husband who doesn't let me beat myself up. 
The first thing that brightened my day was reflecting on the good Christmas Day I had with my small family. 
felt better, not as sick. 
Jesus guiding my life makes it great! 
daniel. he is more help than any other husband 
watching a movie 
Mom can fend for herself 
not homeless in 20 degree weather 
Waking up relatively early and seeing my husband sleeping. 
Michael sent us an email, out of the blue! 
The first thing that brightened my day was that first cup of coffee and reading a book I got for Christmas. 
a friend who understands the ups and downs in dealing with a chronic illness. 
to have a warm home and food to eat. 
got to spend the whole day with my daughter watching movies and just hanging out. 
A text from my dear friend 
went to the movies with Eric and we both enjoyed it. 
having my pets 
To be alive 
Seeing the guy I want to pursue a relationship with... 
was able to put all the Christmas things away 
Being home with Cami. 
My loving soon to be husband 
seeing a safari 
My husband fed the kids and let me take a very nice, long nap without interruption. 
Close to bankruptcy - but we came out of it with a large bank account. 
Relating to my husband - no arguments, we were able to laugh and joke, we got along. 
Both my parents - so many people I know have lost one or both of their parents. 
Nothing made me happy today, 
slept 
The first thing that brightened my day was Peanut waiting so patiently for me to wake up. 
rested with no kids 
1. 
Was able to afford to buy groceries 
used to get very stressed out about Christmas. 
Spending time with friends 
A husband that sticks by my side 
Sunshine 
The first thing to brighten my day was my great nephew Max after 3 days visiting he really warmed up to me. 
was very happy to wake up feeling well. 
read a book to my nephew while my mom was working on dinner. 
1. 
my children 
Cooking for my family! 
spending time with CB 
have a great boss who is supportive with out being overbearing and honestly and kindly discusses issues and room for improvement 
Stephanie giving me the tip to do one thing to feel productive 
chris stayed home with owen 
I woke up 
SHELBY! 
When I woke up this morning my brother had bought me breakfast! 
buying a new car and realizing my old one will not be there anymore 
I had a free evening to relax and take a nap 
don't need to find a new job 
got to work on time with a nice outfit, jewelry, makeup and hair done. 
Sleeping in 
went and saw my grand-kids. 
Today I had the privelage of awaking to the beatuiful sun and warm weather. 
The first thing that brightened my day was the sound of my children laughing together. 
1. 
spending time with my parents who I am only able to see a few times a year. 
it seems my relationship with my husband is improving. 
Had a nice , fun conversation with a coworker. 
My Family. 
A text from Mel. 
Thankful to get together with family 
Taking my dog out 1st thing this morning 
my kids were all home for christmas. 
my husband 
got to laze around and snuggle my dog and do nothing 
Nathan, his support, love, consistence, intelligence, and reliability. 
My relationship with Christ. 
spending time with my daughter and daughter in law 
enough to go to the doc and get prescriptions. 
Romantic entanglements, what other people think of me, care of my dad 
My family -- always supportive 
my fur babies 
Sun was shining 
My Christmas decorations are lovely 
My children 
My Family 
have accomplished my goals of educating myself. 
seeing the smiles on my girls faces 
A phone call from my son who lives in another state. 
Caiden breaking geodes all by himself. 
made Niamh laugh by being silly in the bathtub 
my faith, my daughter and my family and friends. 
Not having a full class 
came downstairs to a clean house! 
My breakfast routine 
having christmas done and finished 
Taking a walk and greeting strangers on the way 
to be around people that I love and that I am spending time with a beautiful little girl that is batteling Leukemia my granddaughter Brianna. 
It's great to have financial security, which has been provided primarily by my husband, but it doesn't do much for self-esteem, which I have very little of. 
taking a trip out to the barn 
The first thing I am grateful for is my hard working, kind, funny and patient husband. 
Sleeping in 
woke up to the sweet sound of Allison calling for her Mommy and Daddy to come and get her out of bed. 
Boeing issue was handled by mfg 
my husband listens to what i am saying 
my dog 
music 
When I got to church, Father Steve made an announcement about my recital today, and brought me before the congregation, asking me questions about the pieces I was playing and the composers, etc. 
was happy that my daughter spent Christmas with me 
My daughter is the shining light of my life 
My boyfriend is up for spontaneous trips to Hagkaup and other random places to shop or grab coffee. 
Joking around with my favorite waitress at McGrathes Fish House. 
1. 
got to play with Katey. 
My dog and cat jumped up on the bed 
to wake up everyday with my children and a home. 
Heat. 
went to the gym 
got most of the kids presents organized. 
The sun is shining and it is 75 outside. 
got a call from my youngest daughter Jennifer, to say good morning. 
slept in with husband and daughter 
my friends. 
My kids 
My husband cleaned the messy kitchen for me today. 
Charles and Garrett both slept in for a change. 
my stretches 
waking up spanky. 
had a nice lunch with my daughter, we talked more openly than we have in the past without a negative ending. 
Friends to count on 
the sun shinning threw the snow 
to have been able to collect all the documents I need to apply for my credential. 
my family 
1. 
Christmas Day, I was thinking how grateful I was to have my mom be the person she was. 
1. 
I sold six patterns in the last two days. 
1. 
1. 
Barbara called: she got her package! 
the lives and interaction with those who attend all nations fellowship. 
alive 
my children are happy and healthy, that they are getting along well in school that they enjoy and have friends. 
can't think of anything that makes my life great! 
two kids who, for the most part, listen and acknowledge what I say. 
waking up on the weekends to my kids and my other half 
My Father called me on Christmas day. 
My Son Craig showed up Christmas day. 
Eric got home from work earlier then expected 
made a necklace I liked 
Iced coffee tasted good. 
even though I have no home/apt of my own, I do have a place to live. 
Spent Some Time With My Boyfriend When He Got Off Work. 
My Flowie (cat) came home from the vet with me this morning and I had thought I would have to let her go. 
to have enough of the things I need. 
Having the Christmas tree so easily disposed of. 
a very long summer and fall including several surgeries and procedures, I am now on my way to recovering my health. 
my husband is still alive and fighting his battle with cancer 
My husband still being home and not at work yet 
CBM made me breakfast today. 
Dana. 
woke up with the cat and dog cuddled up with me keeping me warm. 
The first thing I am grateful for is the delete/backspace buttons on my computer and an eraser on my pencil. 
My mother brought me a jar of pickles. 
Family 
to have had a very supportive family that allowed us to celebrate Christmas together a day early so that I could work on Christmas day and earn extra money. 
I have a roof over my head, food in my stomach, a job that pays the bills 
having time off from the office for a few days 
most of my children and grandchildren are closed to me, physically and emotionally. 
My conversation with my friend about my complicating relationship with my on and off boyfriend. 
Brendan came over and spent time with me and Barney. 
Being greeted by my two little dogs when I come home always makes me smile - big time! 
flowers and when I looked at them today they lifted my spirits. 
My morning walk with my dog. 
Bringing Sharla back to treatment. 
My family 
waking up to my baby boy hugging and kissing on me 
very thankful that I have a wonderful family. 
MY HEALTH AND HOW I BEAT BREAST CANCER AND PNEUMONIA 
Listening to music 
I was able to here and get up when husband was seriously sick in the night last night.. 
Time with the kids 
finishing a project 
husband 
Breakfast 
steve 
was able to spend time playing with Alice. 
we had the idea to put out things in storage and send for them after we've moved, releasing finacial stress to get everything done now. 
Dave cleaned the kitchen 
my husband... 
My best friend Diane, we have been friends for 37 years. 
Waking up next to Dan! 
Sleeping in a bit extra 
My husband, because he helps me see things in a different light. 
I was able to get the main living areas of my house clean enough to have company over. 
my nice home 
the first thing that brightened my days was my kids 
The first thing that brightened my day was hanging out with my cousin, Kathryn, and my buddy, Christopher. 
I have a job. 
Takeing a long hot shower. 
the pleasant lady at burger king 
time to spend with my daughter each day 
the fun and challenging yoga class by my house now. 
FAMILY 
My boy 
my beautiful daughter and supportive husband. 
caught up on my work. 
seeing gussy run and play in the park 
My dog Roscoe made me laugh 
Watching my daughters open their Christmas gifts. 
my husband. 
don't have to worry about finances on a daily basis. 
Thoughts of going on vacation 
My husband was well behaved on the stores today. 
got car fixed 
The way my kids looked I their Christmas attire 
check in from an old friend 
movies 
My unique way of viewing the world makes my life different. 
waking up to 2 babies beautiful smiles. 
My circle of friends. 
My faith 
slept in 
skyping with JenninferDinner with Rick, Marla, Bob and Evelyn 
A message from a man I am interested in. 
my roommate and all the chores she does 
Blessed with a job that gives me the means to live extremely comfortably with bills paid, has insurance that is great for my health needs, and allows me to give to others 
got an email from my daughter-since I didn't hear from her or my son yesterday, (Christmas), at least she acknowledged me 
My husband 
Was able to sleep in and was awaKend with a phone call from someone I love. 
was able to get the 4 & 6 years room cleaned today 
started a FB event for when I am home to be able to see old friends. 
family 
woke up next to my husband. 
having an understanding family 
The dog and obeyed better today. 
Yesterday was Christmas, and spent with my loved ones, for which I am grateful. 
grandparents helping me with my car in many ways and without any repercussions or loss of love 
spent a relaxed day with my family and lots of time with Emma 
A DEAR FRIEND, KATHY, WHO I HAVENT SEEN IN AWHILE GOT IN TOUCH WITH ME AND WE MADE PLANS TO GET TOGETHER. 
A nice loving good morning 
meeting the new doc 
my grandkids 
got a gift from my uncle and my grand mother. 
1. 
mom is ok 
seeing my pets 
having andrew around 
to have a beautiful child who has grown to become a successful adult. 
seeing and hearing the birds this morning 
my mother 
God 
my Workday was less Stressful because i finally had some Help to get some of my Work finished..... 
Today I am grateful for the 2nd chance I got in order to pay for my utilities 
I could make it to work after a 5-day weekend, and work for 7 hours. 
college. 
Having food to eat. 
My son 
My cat, Priscilla Holly 
putting my make up on 
The vet laughing at something funny I said. 
1. 
getting a stuffed sheep for Christmas 
could work from home, I and 
Being here 
Julie and a couple kids came outside to wish us a merry Christmas, even though I was just intending to have Boone drop off their gift from us. 
an old friend talked to me today after a year of no contact. 
got further on cleaning my house (clutter and messes)...this is VERY unusual. 
The car started in the Polar Vortex we are currently in today.. 
health 
Got to spend Christmas with Jeff. 
an easy day at work so I could take the day off 
my Mom 
to have a wonderful husband. 
Having lunch with Amy 
Wayne 
GOT TO SPEND TIME WITH MY DAUGHTER WE PLAY GAMES WORK A CRAFT 
Annette 
my house feels like a home again. 
greg dishes 
One thing that truly makes my life great is love. 
My cats,my children,my grandchildren 
breakfast and crossword puzzle with my Father 
There were mini chocolate croissants for breakfast. 
my son 
My husband and son 
My son was smiling at me saying good morning mom. 
My daughter 
didn't argue with my husband to 
Grateful for Jennifer and Michael. 
Getting to go shopping and spending time with Hilary 
We were able to get to McDonalds in time for breakfast! 
The weather was clear 
1. 
Grateful to have provided my son with some wonderful gifts for christmas, and to enjoy his beautiful smile and exuberance. 
immediately I am thankful for my family. 
Kids kept themselves quietly busy this morning. 
I had work! 
Taking a nap 
Got Anne the kitten for AJ today 
My mother and sister are happy and healthy. 
Name one thing that makes your life great.God 
My kids told me they love me 
Ben's foot is okay. 
have a place to live. 
A call from favorite nieces 
My mother is still here and interacting. 
nothing 
waking up with my grandson. 
had a real good talk with my mom today. 
Seeing my girl 
I woke up this morning. 
no longer in the ISP class that I was last year. 
Waking up with my niece next to me. 
My children make me happy, They are fun and supportive and love me unconditionally. 
being able to have time to spent with my family. 
Had Lunch with my husband 
Freedom to pursue what I want to do. 
my family tried hard to care for me while i was ill 
not having a stroke while i was out shopping today. 
my daughter moved back home 
got to leave the house and go to the store. 
NO ONE WAS COMPLAINING WHEN I GOT TO WORK THIS MORNING. 
got to talk to a beloved friend 
My husband loves me 
Packing up my things to move into the new house. 
I was able to spend the day home with my kitties. 
Hanging with Susie tomorrow 
very thankful to have a roof over my head. 
My husband got back home from work early 
Avery spending extra time giving me hugs 
everyone is safe 
waking up at my childhood home the day after christmas 
my kid's. 
SLeeping in with my dog! 
Being a Mom to a wonderful little igrl 
a friend called 
spent time with family 
U 
Gavin sitting on my lap this morning. 
The love and support of my family 
the first thing that brightened my day was when I got off work. 
my son because he has shown me that I have done a fantastic job of raising him. 
How beautiful it was outside. 
Helene gave me a candle. 
hugged my husband 
seeing my children 
a husband who loves me and treats me well. 
sunshine today. 
my education and the opportunities it may open up for me. 
My loving family 
my husband trying to take care of me while i am not feeling well. 
my family 
That my family is able to be together this year. 
Waking up at home with my family. 
time with my cats 
Taking my brother out to eat. 
healthy. 
A patient wrote a nice comment on how well I helped her 
my husband 
Matty cuddles, and having a really fun walk/jog. 
my cat 
my computer that opens the world to me for photo's and storys that engage my mind and make me laugh and cry. 
time to myself. 
read book to cousin and did flashcards with her 
Barb telling me I'm articulate, smart, and polished 
recieved a Christmas card with $50 in it! 
my husband 
That Christmas really worked out yesterday...exspecially breakfast time 
The first thing that brightened my day was finding a penguin Christmas decoration half off at WalMart. 
my son 
having my Job to go to 
1. 
family my husband, my son and daughter and my mother. 
Wave's adorable pjs from Olivia made me smile. 
got a lift from a stranger back from the parcel office. 
L, 16 - 30s 
Hugs and kisses from Grand children 
God 
One thing that makes my life great is my children. 
our trip to CA! 
don't have to worry if I'll ever get married. 
Returning items was easy 
The first thing that brightened my day was my little dog still expecting to open up gifts the day after Christmas. 
played with the new kitten with the kids 
Talking with a friend via internet. 
Family 
my job! 
have a job, place to call home and some money stashed away. 
my husband is feeling well and that the medication they are giving him for his Cancer isn't making him ill. 
1. 
Jade is taking a liking to me. 
my girls are in my life. 
Getting to sleep in til 9 am which was much needed. 
Waking up to a clean house! 
Having daughter and grandkids here for dinner 
The people around me. 
My husband and I talked 
rolling over and having puppies come and cuddle with me 
I was able to enjoy my kids playing while I folded laundry instead of stressing over the noise. 
Seeing Diana and her girls celebrate xmas with my family. 
I'm alive and well. 
Bought new head phones 
very grateful for Michael. 
my husband. 
That Ava and Emma came through the door asking for me. 
was able to go to PT for my shoulder and feel hopeful. 
Jessica Shiller is in my life. 
Preston and I are both healthy. 
opening xmas presents 
The first thing that brightened my day was...work came to an end and only one more day to Saturday. 
went to see Daddy and he picked me up (meaning I've lost enough weight for him to pick me up). 
I have amazing young people who remind me what is important in life. 
have good friends and family that I enjoy being with 
have a job in my field 
my chihuahuas 
FAMILY 
coffee 
my puppy 
waking up, and even though I was in terrible pain, I was grateful to be awake.... 
Monica asked me to lunch 
making breakfast for my son 
had a good nights sleep 
woke up this morning 
Finding 2 old friends on Facebook 
my dog bella 
Anthony said, over the phone, before we hung up, "Oh mom?" 
My daughter told me she loved me. 
My family. 
My children and grandchildren 
Heat in the winter 
got to spend time with grown kids 
Family: It was Christmas, which is a holiday I struggle with, but we had fun and my son moved back from TN which made me very happy and spent the whole day with him. 
Apartment of my dreams. 
have siblings that I love and get along well with. 
I finally finished the shelf for the wash room so I can finally organize better in there. 
having a cup of coffee and playing a FB game. 
Daddy had an okay day breathing. 
the Lord 
Being able to afford Christmas gifts for my family 
woke up before my alarm went off. 
my husband 
my grandchildremn were all here 
Free chocolate and biscotti! 
Petting Maggie 
today is Thursday. 
Grateful to have two beautiful, healthy kids and watch them grow in so many ways. 
Spending time with K 
Waking up and feeling as if I slept fairly well and not feeling poorly physically 
Theo and I got to slept late without any interruptions from the kids. 
my tv comp gave me a movie for free 
feeling wanted and appreciated 
had a few hours of decent sleep, so felt pretty good when I woke up. 
My son made me laugh 
i got to spend christmas with all of my family, it was wonderful to be included and feel like i belonged. 
a compliment at work 
connecting with stacy and sydnee this morning 
kevin is home 
Family 
It was Christmas, I got to spend it with my Mom who is 80 years old. 
cooked a dinner for the family to enjoy together. 
was able to change the deadbolt on the door. 
got to see my daughter and talk to her throughout the day. 
my studio is warm today. 
New art books. 
I got to spend the day with my husband because he took off work to go to an eye appointment and we had lunch afterwards. 
don't have to move and pack up an entire house and two businesses. 
my dog cuddling with me 
learned how to do part of my job better. 
Daisy's smile! 
reading a book 
family. 
Christmas with family and Janet and I not crying for the first time together. 
got to sleep in. 
I was able to fix a healthy, low-cost meal for my family, and that I didn't have to work so I could sleep in and be with my kids. 
The first thing that was pleasant was getting to spend the day with Sally. 
My children coming together and doing the shoveling outside without me asking, then telling me it was because I am a awesome mom is why they did it together without me. 
Ramya wanted to go to lunch together. 
Was told I should act on my sewing abilities. 
my cat came to lay with me this morning 
My swelling started to go down and that gave me more energy. 
sick so the ability to rest 
The first thing that brightened my day was my cousin Chris calling me this morning. 
My husband who listens to me and grounds me 
chatted with Kyle 
Finally cleaned the windows in my doors that have been splattered with mud since August. 
My sister's surgery being successful. 
The first thing that brightened my day was..... getting a text from a friend asking how my day at work was going. 
Computer/cell phone. 
got up and finally got the oil changed in my truck! 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I woke-up. 
my kids 
A friend I hadn't seen in over 2 years came over. 
My boyfriend - He has planning on adding improvements to our apartment. 
having a job 
waking up 
my husband is helpful and loving toward me. 
dogs were good on our walk 
The first thing to brighten my day is that Dante came home. 
to be alive each daymy grandchildrenmy son for helping me 
to live in such a beautiful region.... 
Seeing Mom up, pretty, and ready to go. 
Michael did a lot of housework today. 
my salvation!! 
my mom was super nice to me and loving and expressed that she was happy to visit and happy to see me and appreciated my efforts for them and supported my life etc. 
My son gave me a heart shaped votive holder and said that he picked it because he loves me! 
My marriage to Thom 
getting some sleep 
gainfully employed with two jobs. 
Snippen being here with me, happy and healthy. 
Working out with my trainer. 
Waking up cuddled with my puppy 
faith 
all of the children are here with us for Christmas. 
Family 
When my boyfriend said you too, after I said I love you. 
Having my own home 
shadow 
Getting to sleep in, and being wakened by the sound of my girls' voices in their room and my cat in the hall. 
Family 
To have god in my life 
my sister and her children spent Christmas with me n my girls. 
Cup of coffee with husband. 
a wonderful husband. 
liz did my dishes for me today 
I have the opportunity to care for my father who has Parkinson's. 
husband went and got dinner 
Didn't have to go to work. 
to have this farm even if temporary. 
My family. 
My healthy, smart, amazing toddler 
Right now, nothing 
going shopping with mom 
Mikah's smile. 
Hearing that I'm going shopping with my mom 
the sunshine 
Seeing how excited Lucas was to see me this morning when he woke up. 
Woke up gratefully not in pain and here another day! 
Yesterday was Christmas, and it was probably one of the best Christmases I've had in years. 
Able to fold all the laundry, and spouse took care of washing and drying it. 
My kids. 
1. 
Keely smiling this morning when I got her up 
nothing 
My daughter giving me great big hugs telling me she loved me. 
my husband 
I have a supportive boyfriend when it comes to dealing with anxiety attacks. 
My coworker said something encouraging to me 
Having a house--even though it's messy it's mine 
my colander that fits over the sinkMy shoesMy foot massager. 
NPR, and a good story 
Was able to make my tax appointment, and with someone that I like 
shoes, they are comfortable and I look ok in them 
The lady at the store gave me a free bag because I had to wait 
Spending time with my granddaughters. 
Two clients tipped me $50 for Christmas. 
How happy I am being married to my husband. 
my son has a good job 
strong cup of coffee 
WAKING UP AND SEEING A NEW DAY. 
Slept as long as i wanted 
1. 
Being invited over for a lovely Christmas Dinner with my sister 
having breakfast with nate 
Reading Molokai book. 
Genuine 
a husband who loves me so much. 
My birds enjoying their Christmas honey treat and then jumping in bed and preening my hair while I napped. 
have weed in the house 
1. 
Sleeping in 
My dog. 
Laughing with my daughter all day. 
got to sleep in 
Feeling the sun come out after the cool morning. 
headphones: to block out whatever I don't want to hear. 
cleaned out bathroom shelves and threw away junk I was hanging on too. 
my kids 
had breakfast with Amy today and just relaxed without any expectations. 
Family member asked if I could help their mom at home. 
woke up after a good nights sleep and wasnt coughing 
There was very little prep to do at work today so there was more time to prepare my main meal. 
and grateful that I have a roof over my head, food to eat, clothes to wear, and a warm home in the winter and cool in the summer. 
coffee 
so grateful that Kirsten and her family have been joining us for family functions. 
got a sweet text message this morning 
woke up and started my devotion with my new John MacArthur Study Bible that Walter and Basi gave me for Christmas. 
Chase wanted to stay home with me instead of going and playing at a friends house. 
my husband's paycheck came. 
My first thing was making it to PT today and came out of PT feeling better in my arm and with my cold. 
My daughter being home 
family 
I was able to fight off the mean helicopter that "attacked" my 3yo. 
waking up 
Stopped and got Bo a hamburger after his vet appt, he loved it. 
Blagodarna sum na Tanja sto ne odnese da se prosetame, familijarno. 
getting pain relief 
the first thing that brightened my day was seeing my girls playing well together... 
I have a very very understanding husband 
A child's smile as I handed her her ticket. 
my cat 
Robert cleaning the kitchen. 
the confidence the administration has in me as a teacher and a teacher-leader. 
My daughter did a favor that really helped me out. 
max 
my sister called and we talked a while 
woke up early,took a shower,before grandson woke up. 
the first thing that brightened my day was seeing my daughters beautiful face my moms smile and my dad all out in the living room 
my silly lovable children, Phoenix is starting to be areal goof ball and he can cheer me up when I need it. 
My daughter. 
my children and grandchildren. 
my home is filled with music. 
found a new pillow and a new mouse pad with gel wrist rest 
my cats. 
waking up to Jerry's kiss 
nothing 
the day relaxed and motivated to go out for a walk. 
Being able to wake up next to someone I love very much. 
my husband is alright and not sick today 
my daughter texting me , just to say hi 
My Granddaughter 
My two year old dragging me into his room to have a dance party to the end of chicken little 
my relationship with my husband, kids, and parents 
my kids 
My home 
To be home with my kids to play, eat, and watch movies, tuck them in, hug, kiss, and tickle them. 
Feeling better sooner than I thought 
Seeing my Grandson & great niece 
Got to go back to work 
Seeing my son was the first thing that brightened my day. 
1. 
Hanging out with Friend 
Seeing my fiance 
my friends 
My children 
Got to share an amazing experience taking my son to the box y ranch in the middle of winter in Wyoming. 
All the dogs and my daughter joining me to say good morning. 
My daughter and my husband made me breakfast, and my husband delivered me breakfast in bed. 
going to gym 
my mom. 
my daddy . 
My family was home all together 
seeing my kids happy 
i have a home 
dogs 
was helped with changing my headlight. 
Christmas-eve dinner at Teresa N. house. 
everyday for my husband who helps me get up and tells me he loves me after 20 years of marriage. 
Diablo 
My parents called. 
an unexpected call from my mother-in-law 
Stream views. 
laying with my girl in her bed when first waking up. 
My Dad called for a chat, from England. 
A random act of kindness by a homeless man on the street. 
woke up with kaley cuddling with me 
Shane! My best friend. 
Janet drove me to hospital & back home cause I couldn't drive myself. 
all my children are alive and in good health and appear to be heading in good directions for their lives 
Seeing dave, glad i got to say hi not seen him in ages 
The sun when I woke up! 
all the help Kevin gave me today. 
The first thing that brightened my day was a cup of wonderful coffee, putting my feet up and seeing the beautiful sun! 
The first thing I wake up in the morning was I have an application for a two job first as accountant and second as internal auditor so it was exciting that at least I hv apply for a job 
Got my coffee brewer to work 
1. 
getting the workout done 
The first thing that brightened my day was raking half of the front yard. 
the sun was shining in my newly washed living room window. 
YM got me out of the house to help him with returning Mary's car. 
my mother, who even though she came from a hard background is happy and positive. 
six days off medication so far 
my health 
GRATEFUL FOR HAVING WORK 
1. 
waking up with my daughters, and taking it nice and slow while making breakfast and getting ready for work 
Friends 
Grateful for our friends who have made our holidays cheerful and brighter by traveling several hours to be together. 
Joan Hall is such a wonderful job coach. 
The 1st thing I'm grateful for is the breath in my body. 
Petting my kitties and saying good morning. 
the first thing that brightened my day was waking to a breakfast cooked by my husband. 
Waking up and feeling good - knowing that my family and I had another day to make it great together 
Knowing I was in in control 
My sister - she is my worldwhen my family gets a long - jesus let that happen more often 
People that said they like working with me 
waking up and seeing the snow 
WOKE UP THIS MORNING AND WAS THANKFUL. 
Waking up with my wonderful fiancé 
the beautiful daughter I have . 
HEALTHY 
get to get off work early and enjoy my Christmas presents. 
I had a party of 14 people yesterday at work and making $250 off of just them. 
Got another email from Kevin. 
I learned how to manage my anxiety problems with calming thoughts and deep breathing, I have had very few problems. 
Got the big chore on my chore list done. 
Seeing one of my friends smile. 
slept in, woke without an alarm clock. 
my family and my friends. 
it was sunny outside. 
HANGING OUT WITH ADISON 
My husband beside me. 
Managed to get some actual work done today 
handled the 10th Anniversary of the Museum where I worked. 
Today I managed to get some actual work done! 
got up and showered . 
very thankful that my son came to visit me for Christmas. 
went to barbaras 
got to spend time celebrating my nephew's birthday. 
my kids and grandbabies 
is a good smile 
being alive 
slept in! 
My windshield didn't have frost on it! 
the people I work with. 
being in Oregon 
healthy 
Received a nice and encouraging/patient message from a friend about social plans. 
The silence at the moment. 
to have a healthy son. 
Waking up 
having a roof over our heads 
My husband still wants to have sex with me, even though he sometimes doesn't really feel like it. 
MY husband called me early 
cook a good dinner every night 
my daughter spending time with me. 
working out 
n 
Chase running through the house like a herd of elephants to wake me up. 
My Mom. 
my family and the support they give me to pursue my dreams. 
coffee 
Found a new game to try - Heavy Rain 
The first things that brightened my day was when the oil company guy came and I finally had working heaters and no more freezing time. 
My family 
Having time to organize my house and do laundry. 
My family came to my house and we shared time together.. 
waking up to my cat licking me 
Seeing my family 
seeing Rick 
My dog and cat greeted me with happiness. 
Jeff starting my car for me. 
My son's laughter 
seeing my cute puppy and giving him a hug and a kiss. 
enjoy my first cup of coffee in the morning w/cig.am 
Kissing my kids this morning and seeing their smile. 
my daughters enjoyed and were thankful for the few things they got for Christmas. 
don't have to deal with CPS now and hopefully never again. 
my job. it might irritate the heck out of me but i know i am blessed to have it as many others do not. 
Janet sent Orion a Christmas gift. 
I have a home. 
My son 
very grateful for the roof over my head. 
A warm homeFood on the tableA loving husband 
When my husband cleans up the kitchen after dinner and I come down in the morning and it is clean, I am grateful and very appreciative. 
my children 
My friends 
so very grateful that I am comfortable in my new improved desk near the windown after all this time of waiting. 
Darren took out the garbage last night. 
woke up feeling better than yesterday 
Appreciating my daughter being in my life. 
My family, grandkids 
My dog, Chewbacca, gave me a huge hug this morning! 
Sam's health is better 
My dog 
The first thing that brightened my day was the family dog greeting me with his puppy bounce and a wagging tail. 
Randy unloaded the dishwasher 
The first thing that brightened my day was the kiss my husband gave me before he went to work. 
My Poodles 
gtateful for that i shared a great dinner with my family with healthy meals 
the first good thing that i made happen was to do my morning routine right after getting my bed 
A home that is very cozy and great to return to. 
Relatives and family functions 
Being able to leisurely grocery shop and feel good about getting everything I need to make several meals ahead of time. 
Had a good breakfast at a restaurant with my son and In-laws 
the awesome tasty chat i had today after so many days.. :) 
So happy we started homeschool again and the girls had fun! 
stressing that my husband wont support me in public. 
my family, even though we are set in our own ways, nobody wants to dictate how someone else lives. 
put away the Christmas decorations 
no more house to worry about 
My 3 cats- they provide company and comfort 
thankfull for the few people in my life that truely want me to succeed and encourage me in their own way of my worth. 
The first thing to brighten my day was waking up next to Don 
The first thing to brighten my day was waking up and having the inspiration to write my blog post. 
to have a daycare provider where I can take my younger child for the day in order for me to spend quality time with my older child. 
gray woke me up smiling that the car lot was open 
logged onto my patient's FB page who is a budding art student. 
the first thing that brighten my day is knowing that i have another day to live and iam alive 
Kids enjoyed their new toys and have been behaving. 
Perserverence is a quality that I have that makes my life meaningful. 
was able to travel back home. 
My home. 
my kids being in a good mood brightened my day. 
we were able to provide our children with a great Christmas, especially after I worried we wouldn't. 
tiki and tony singing 
My sister called and we are going for coffee this afternoon 
was able to put away my Christmas Houses. 
My family makes my life amazing! 
Spending time with Emma 
my family 
Experiencing something new: Science Museum 
My grandkids 
started packing to make a new start for myself. 
That my relationship with my Mom and sister is improving. 
The first thing that brightened my day was a text from Parker, which made me smile. 
Getting the washing done 
kfgbi7p8ib vghkfdgs klougt td kgyugt 
1. 
nothing 
My children are wonderfully smart and inquisitive creatures that help me see things in a brand new way. 
my dog 
Got all my errands finished 
healthy 
My good morning call from my finacee'. 
My son put the trash out today. 
got to spend the day with Steve 
Wonderful husband. 
seeing myles in the morning 
husbands support during recent health scares and crisis. 
my wonderful boyfriend who works hard and loves me just the way I am. 
nothing much at all....death in the family 
Talking to a friend 
my husband 
My cousin sent a message that she's happy for me and wishes me well on my pregnancy. 
Nice talk w/ beth 
Sweet Mizo, getting to hang out with him 
didn't have to work today. 
Seeing my son's face when he saw his birthday present. 
got to sleep in 
A friend scheduling a day trip to shop 
1. 
have a close family who all get along really well when together and i enjoy spending time with all of them. 
Nothing 
my 2 cats cuddle with me constantly 
MY GRANDSON GIVING ME A HUG 
family 
having a warm, loving home 
Me and tom arguing because we are no longer together 
Mrs hurlow told me I was a good mathematician which shows she has faith in me 
my family 
Dad took me out for lunch today at work. 
saw a beautiful sunrise on the way to work on Martinsburg Mountain. 
The fire was still going when I got up 
Stepfather-I'm still alive 
when I kissed my boyfriend. 
going to see my grandsons 
my family and friends who support me 
waking up 
my kids are happy and healthy 
Living with Foster, who makes me a better person every day. 
got up early on my day off and went to take a Zumba class. 
my husband is okay after his fall from the roof. 
Building legos with my son 
grandchildren 
1. 
My kids getting their chores done. 
was able to return to a job that I enjoy 
The sun was shining today 
woke up to the smiling face of my beautiful husband. 
my Vitamix. 
My children who are the highlight to my days 
money 
my husband loves me so much 
My daughter ErikaRoof over my headMy brothersJarenJohnny 
my friend Christina was able to talk to me this morning to help relieve some stress and gave me peace of mind knowing she was there if I needed her at any time. 
once handled a stressful situation back when I was a 911 dispatcher where a woman called saying her sister had attempted to commit suicide and was barely breathing 
well I fell and hit my head yesterday and my husband hung around and fixed food for me when I needed it and got up and got me things as I needed them so that I could stay in bed and rest my ever sore and ringing head 
hmm well so far my day has gone fairly smoothly mainly because my husband and I haven't been in any fights so far..which is really saying something for us lately because as of late we get along about as good as oil mixes with water 
not a whole lot was good going on yesterday..other than pretty much the sun was shining :( 
The fact I was alive 
to wake up with my children in their beds. 
My family, I got to spend quality time with them over Christmas. 
enjoyed a nice lunch with my teens. 
got to spend some quality time with the kids. 
Murray curled up with me early this morning, purring, when I was unable to sleep. 
my army friend sent me some pictures and videos of her baby girl 
being able to get my room rearranged the way I want it. 
Compliment from a stranger at the doctors office. 
Emily helping me put Xmas stuff away and clean. 
Having a day off, and catching up on some work. 
It's Friday before vacation 
My husband. 
The sun was out. 
family 
to have a wonderful husband who adores me. 
don't have to have ANY doubts about how much my husband loves me and can I trust him. 
that sarah is home, that I am healthy, that people were squirrles 
1. 
My Husband 
"fixed" the TV for mom when it went wacky. 
mom and I were able to make a great dinner with what we had on hand 
daily I deal with my mom and dad who has alzheimer's and I have dealt pretty well with that stress 
having a friend stop in 
finding the Happify site. 
Family 
to be alive 
The first thing that brightened my day was...I got to talk to Rob on Skype!! 
My daughter 
a friend came over, confided in me and then thanked me for being there for him 
life 
the wonderful breakfast brunch that my brother and wife, Ann, put on this morning. 
how easy it was to get up and exercise 
my friend Natalie. 
have a new job that I love and work for people that I truly enjoy and are learning from, which is a wonderful change from my last job. 
the first grade team. 
1. 
woke up 
family 
Laughing with Carla at work. 
a healthy daughter 
A new house with everything I need to live comfortably 
Jody my school friend and I exchanged addresses so that we could exchange real old fashioned letters because we miss them. 
My higher power helps me to make my life great 
My coffee at starbucks soooooo freaking good plus it woke me up properly. 
feeling a bit less sore and able to move around more 
was able to have a good breakfast with my kids, out at a restaurant 
Faster Internet than yesterday. 
woke up this morning. 
time with jayne and david and lori. 
definitely feeling better and on the path to much better health 
My life is great because of the work I do, my phone interactions are generally positive, I get to help others and get paid for it. 
My puppy is always so happy to see me when I get home from work and has to have hugs and kisses 
a good drive to work 
Granny was wearing the ring I gave her for Christmas. 
slept without being woken up constantly 
my grandmother made it it out of the hospital 
Thinking about all my friends do for me 
Seeing my family when i wake up in the morning is a wonderful feeling . 
My partner shared his chocolate muffin with me by surprise and it was REALLY good. 
my health, im thankful that i am well on the inside even though im torn up on the outside. 
My dogs 
close relationships 
Plan to open a bank account for my daughter. 
Thankful that my daughter Keenyn is going to be joining the family for a Bauman/Chichester Family Christmas next weekend. 
My Daughter 
waking up to Rory's smiling face 
Talking with Nate 
My daughter. 
my adorable 5 yr old grandson. 
Being able to help former students 
Nothing 
my kids, i feel really lucky to have them. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up and knowing that I was given another day to live. 
Tiki bird appears to be getting better. 
I have an amazing husband that encourages me through hard times 
The first thing that cheered me was seeing a deer in road, that I didn't hit with my car (being lucky enough to slide around it, despite ice). 
My husband because we are so close even after 21 years of marriage 
Being able to buy lunch at a sit down restaurant. 
my daughter 
was able to see my co-workers after my vacation 
Jesus was born and was willing too the lamb to save me from all my sin. 
My daughter came home today after a week long stay at her sister's and I am so happy she is home! 
Seeing my little niece in the morning 
my children are happy and healthy. 
Seeing the exclamation point in a cloud. 
it was payday 
really do get along with my roommate and we're growing even more close and amiable 
waking up with the feeling of my dream still there felt good and comforting in a way that i haven't felt in awhile 
My kids being happy go lucky and smiling without any fighting so far. 
being able to help C. today. 
my amazing boyfriend. 
what make me happy is having time for myself everyday doing anything that bring me peace even if that is cleaning,if your home is organized so is some of your life 
The pretty light coming through the windows in my bedroom. 
I came home to no dishes in the sink and a clean bathroom. 
seeing my niece 
my husband 
My mother feeling better 
my wonderful mother 
God 
My cousin called and told me about her day and what she plans on doing for New Year's Eve.. 
my dogs being so happy to start their day 
drove Chrissie to her appointment and it went well 
Scheduled a job interview 
my son. 
cleaned my house 
saw a beautiful sunrise. 
My family 
have a wonderful job. 
going to work 
Good weather! 
My kids are healthy. 
the laundry is done. 
have a roof over my head. 
I have a place to come home to. 
Seeing Harper back from Daycare. 
Took dogs for a good walk 
got ahold of dad 
Thinking about my baby. 
i even have a job in this economy. 
slept well and was able to stay awake today 
Chatting with my cousin who told me new places to explore in the city--The Beaches, College West, Bloor West Village. 
Chloe did not come to work 
my husband 
Having a quite cup of coffee 
1. 
Snuggling with doggie Noah 
Tom Hooper 
My mom took Devin so I had the day to myself 
We have had sex a few times over the last 2 days. 
being able to wake everyday. 
Friends 
dakota was happy I came home for lunch 
I am alive to see another day.and 
It was nice to know Steve had a nice Christmas 
Fixed Brakes on the car 
Sofi 
my daughter 
got to spend the day with my daughter Tina just me and her. 
My ex was an abuser so I don't have to worry about if I will be getting the crap beat out of me. 
my daughter called me 
Stephanie came in and said she didn't like the new girl (only because she was actually saying she is going to miss me.) 
Comfy pajamas 
A warm home with a roaring fire 
to have a nice home that I can afford, with quiet space for myself, and garden space for my solace. 
Drugs and alcohol! 
found a good deal on kcups - and had a coupon on top! 
My husband got his dream job today!! 
woke up, had a decent sleep, was in a pretty good mood. 
was able to get out of bed 
bought movie tickets for a friend. 
My son was home on leave from the Marines and I knew he was safe then. 
ryan - when i woke the first little face i see was ryans. 
Reading and learning how to be a passionate homemaker and how to make cleaning easier. 
Grateful for the fireplace. 
My grandchildren, I love them and I am thankful for them. 
My dog unconditional love and she needs me. 
very grateful for dayn and heather's generous christmas gift of 500 dollars! 
Healthy,i am 
seeing my daughter 
My husband and the life he gives me. 
Making a delicious lunch. 
The little one got up without waking me 
my family. 
thankful for my house 
Jen 
The first thing was being able to say 'I love you' to my husband before he left for work. 
Having a close loving family 
upgraded work computer monitors to a larger size 
providing a home for my child 
Children did not fuss with each other. 
Was when my cat came up to me and laid on me and began to purr 
Call volume at work was steady but not overwhelming. 
the sun was shining 
My Family 
made a satisfying meal out of what I had in the house, and it was fairly low carb too!! 
Warmth 
My husband find me pretty 
Crocheting my sona new scarf 
watching Alexis play with the cats 
slept in 
being welcomed at work by co workers and their concern for me 
Mailed Tracey's gift back 
don't have to pay rent anymore. 
got pictures of grand kids in mail 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting to sleep in after an eventful 2 days. 
Nathan being nice to me in the morning. 
continue to be gainfully employed 
put on my new jewelry I got for Christmas. 
1. 
my MIL left today. 
40 degree day after so many cold cold days in December 
My loving family makes my life great. 
Roger learning to be stronger and more empathetic towards me. 
My relationship with Josh. 
Taking Zorro out. 
spoke to my half sister for the first time since 1997. 
My baby held me and loved me! 
have been chrocheting gifts for my grandchildren and I just finished a slouch hat for my daughter. 
My children's smiles. 
Parents that support me 
my good health and being able to go to the gym, work out, sweat, relax, and feel energized as a result. 
my friends 
my family supports me. 
made a very good pizza for dinner 
seing a friend from texas 
Received a package in the mail from Victor for Christmas. 
Hearing my grandson say Granny I love you Good morning.. 
Mike found the missing keys. 
My Strunkie 
Scott - my husband is a wonderful man and he cleaned the house today & cooked my favorite soup 
my family allows me the time I need to rest up for my shift at work. 
Lex offering me hard candy she made. 
Shandee texting me 
to spend a day with my family 
My pets, they make me smile just with their presence, but also in how they love each other and me! 
My husband has been very kind and accommodating to me today while I've been sick - getting things for me, making sure I'm eating and drinking decently, and asking how I'm doing. 
Got totally overwhelmed at a concert - found a less-loud/more-sheltered space where I could more-or-less watch the show without getting more stressed. 
was grateful that i had some diet Pepsi. 
We were able to get all of the Christmas stuff done on time 
finding a jellyfish on my walk along the beach 
thing was:working with the tools and resources I already have to improve my business and my life. 
a considerate and neat roommate. 
family 
to be able to go to work and be able to make a person feel like i served them well. 
catching up with my cousin, Alicia, today. 
1. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing Christy and Ceasar at Target Starbucks. 
I'm a mom!! 
to have Tracy in my life 
My husband bringing back my little brother and nephews. 
Seeing Kristen 
I have a loving and supportive mother and father. 
Anne came to visit. 
My son 
That Katie and I were able to spend two days in a row, (3 days tomorrow) when I see her so little. 
My work is only 2 miles away 
Coming home from work 
My kids are healthy 
That i have a son who is so willing to help with his brother so that his father and i can get the things done that we need to. 
life is great because of my family 
Talking to my friend Angie made me happy today. 
my sister invite my boyfiend and i to have chistmas dinner first time my mom meetting him 
My husband made dinner for all of us with 2 selections and enough for daughters friends too. 
gratefull to have a home in the country , to get away from te city drama that seems to find me no matter were I hide. 
Regaining custody of my daughter Azhia. 
a 
Being woken up by my niece Tessa and knowing that coffee would be ready for me in the kitchen-- especially since it was early! 
shelley at my door 
Grateful that my friends support me in going back to school. 
1. 
SPENDING TIME WITH MY OTHER BETTER HALF BY COOKING TOGETHER EVEN THOUGH HE DROVE ME NUTS BY GETTING IN THE WAY WHEN I TRIED SURPRISINGLY MAKING A MEAL FOR HIM BUT ON THE OTHER HAND LEARNED A FEW THINGS DOING THE PROCESS OF COOKING 
not too many people shopping when I had to go out 
to wake up every morning and to share the day with my loving two year old daughter! 
Talking to some school mates on Facebook chat. 
went for a good run 
The house held some heat and felt nice to come home to it's warmth after being outside. 
My son 
spending time with my freinds baby 
was able to talk with my old friend 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up and not feeling sad 
did the washing and made tea 
Extra time in bed and a hug 
Min pojkvän. 
had a great time with my family 
My kids 
Waking up not too late, feeling refreshed. 
Danielle is a great friend 
The sun rose in a clear winter sky, creating a coral color to the snow. 
Waking up! 
The first thing that brightened my day was the morning wake up with my husband.We made cuddles and made out kissing each other with passion. 
My family 
Sydney scratched at my chair to sit with me and I snuggled her neck. 
live on my own in a townhouse with all of my basic necessities met. 
Not having to get up so early brightened my day. 
Observation of the absolute beauty this world and everything in it and how it "just is" 
Took an Important decision 
my recovery from a recent stroke, my loving, caring husband who has stuck by me for almost 41 years in good times and in bad. 
Parents are here to help 
Being able to do what I want to do. 
1. 
Grateful for good health of myself and my family over the holidays. 
Phoebe was happy with me this morning 
Able to take care of myself 
having the house to myself to peacefully play my guitar. 
being cuddled by my boyfriend. 
1. 
Seeing my best friend 
a caring husband who allows me to study for my exam while he cleans and prepares meals throughout the week. 
Finding my soul mate, I got married in 2013 
Att vi lagar mat och äter tillsammans hela familjern. 
My parents. 
got up 
was able to get a lot of housework done, with help from Ginnie and Marcus. 
my kids 
Went to gym for over an hour 
My niece and nephew 
finally went back to the gym 
the good costumers. 
Managed to wake up early without an alarm no rushing around in the morning 
The first thing that brightened my day was having my husband around after he woke up; because he is kind of my own personal security blanket. 
Amanda is friendly and encouraging about horseback riding 
alive! 
being with an amazing boyfriend that always cares for me and makes me laugh. 
Seeing my kids 
my children 
I have accepted my Lord and Savior into my heart and that he will always be there for me. 
Making the positive choice to eat healthily at Kadams'. 
to have such a caring father who is afraid to see me move out and start my life. 
Jon 
Music 
Grateful to have a sister home that I can laugh with and have a good time. 
Got a great hug from aubs as she was leaving for sf. 
have taken the GRE and i received a really good score. 
being on time for church. 
The cat's affection brightened my day 
The heart rate monitor that my boyfriend got for me. 
1. 
Heading out for the day's play with my camera. 
Finally found a restaurant Stella could go to. 
having my brother and sister in law in town 
Spent the day with family watching football 
Get feed and brush my cats. 
Paint 
lily 
lily 
Spending time with my parents going out shopping and watching trashy TV together 
owning a home that is paid for and affordable. 
worried about the next exams but the pesky baby problem went away by itself.- 
I have a warm meal on my table every single day. 
Getting package of workout clothes. 
had the courage to deny a date I didnt want to go 
feeling quite lazy today, so i asked nextdoor friend to bring some eggs for me when she's out in the evening.. i'm thankful to her as she agreed 
a loving God to keep me sane! 
I was able to go to work 
Going out to lunch with Bryna 
My Wife 
It doesn't feel great but I know it should. 
My hair stayed curled from last night and looks even better today. 
got chores done 
Mark called to wish us a merry Christmas. 
fresh snow in the morning. 
Jen. 
Meditating, made me appreciate the morning. 
adoption of royce and margarita sending me pictures 
Jeff 
Being comfy 
my husband. 
The love for my mother 
I tried a new breakfast dish that I was worried about trying. 
I had the time to clean my work area and feel accomplished in making a big difference that will help others find the things they need. 
The Godfather weeeeeekend!!! 
Diana today. 
woke up this morning and my mind was clear. 
most grateful for the opportunity to have a family with children. 
Living in a beautiful part of the world with my family. 
Nina 
Waking up with S and A; seeing them loving and happy together. 
Relationship with husband 
My dogs 
have a marvelous group of supportive friends I can ask for help at any given moment. 
Acordar bem disposta e com energia 
I woke up,, and I woke up with pain in my back, cuz I walked my friends dog yesterday, I fired up my of and jumped in a game of dota I had two great games with my friend from sweden. 
Playing with my pet Zora. 
to have a husband that offered to contact friend at the hospital to find a good BPD doctor for me. 
It snowed 
Can't think of anything 
my skin wasn't oily when I woke up 
It is a new year! 
it rained 
have a roof over my head. 
My family, new niece and nephew. 2 great kids 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing the improvement in my body from working out and discipline. 
the relationship that I have developed for my Dad. 
persistent and loyal 
A lady at church said my baked oatmeal looked beautiful 
1. 
Spending time with my cousin at the museums and for dinner. 
1. 
A great walk 
my husband. 
no longer have to worry about where we're going to live, at least for the time being. 
my little girls. 
no longer have to worry about baby bonus, as that's been sorted and we know what we can expect where our income is concerned. 
when I thought about me rolling my first blunt :) ! 
A chuva. 
wrote in my journal and created new year resolutions 
Waking up to the sun shinning 
Every one said Hello 
so thankful for my son. 
my mother, cooks delicious food for me all the time 
was almost able to fit into a sweater that is smaller than most of my clothes 
Cuddle with Liam 
animals 
Made a spontaneous date with Marcia 
Going to yoga class 
My daughter makes my life greatMy ability to see silver linings my ability to create what I want 
have a social circle 
compliment by family on my food preperation 
Lucas' friend got to come over 
eating a chocolate cake 
went to church with my boyfriend and learned a lot of new things. 
deer in the yard 
Spending time, and looking after little Robert, and acknowledging that Neil and Catriona are my friends as well, they are not my friends just because I know Lorna but 
Trying to help others at the office 
my mum keeping traditions and taking me out shopping with her to get quality time together 
a few close friends that consistently check in on me when i am having a bad time. 
Being with my family in Puerto Rico 
My mother made my favorite 'chicken biryani' in the morning. 
Ability to afford a nice place to live 
was able to firm up plans for New Year's Eve (tomorrow night.) 
Arranged to meet up with Sarah. 
my regulars that never judge me. 
don't have to worry about my past relationships. 
my housemate tried to set up her hard drive for me last night to watch a movie together 
years of Sobriety 
Paul 
A safe environment to live in. 
The sun 
Experiencing the cinema on my own! 
My loyal boyfriend 
Exercising in the morning 
Completed the task of changing all the addresses in Aspen, which took awhile. 
woke up 
Fui na missa foi domingo ontem, simplesmente agradeci por ter ido me fez muito bem. 
My video uploaded in only five minutes. 
got out of bed 
got up and made coffee to get ready for work! 
Getting to spend time with my family at Xmas. 
a homeroof over my headnice bed to sleep infood in the fridge/cabinetheat/air conditioning 
Chilli & Family 
Mom got the job 
My husband said I made him feel better since he wasn't feeling well last night. 
The amazing people that I am connected to. 
Amanda being willing to take her time to help me. 
don't have to worry about unfaithfulness in relationships or the constant worry of where my significant other is and what they're doing. 
my mom bringing home food and groceries for us to eat. 
I am here in My house 
Today, I'm grateful for my brother because he cooked spaghetti for us. 
reviewed glow 
I can play music 
woke up with my beautiful girlfriend who I know adores me. 
massage was liberating and relaxing 
got to read a good book 
don't have to worry about being sick right now 
my home. 
Recieving a phone call from someone I love 
The one thing that makes my life great is being able to hear my brother and sister laugh and to see them smile. 
having really good parents that care about me, support me and make me smile. 
my family 
Being able to wake up 
One of my students, whom I had to reprimand for his misbehaviour yesterday, told me his mother spoke to him about his actions. 
my job. 
1. 
My new winter coat. 
having a great job. 
made a simple, yet yummy, brunch for myself. 
My mom support in finding this website 
The passing of my friend. 
My girl friend met me.. 
Having a real talk with my hubby 
my strength 
My children, although they can be little pills, I still love them and am very proud of them. 
The morning commute went well 
Playing with my dog. 
My ability to try new things when I feel stagnate. 
having a great job 
Le temps avec mes enfants 
1. 
1. 
lata for a great new year party... :) 
1. 
Entendre mes enfants jouer et communiquer ensemble! 
j'ai fait la grasse matinée ce matin. 
Art 
waking up 
Getting more than 3 hours of sleep last night. 
My friends and family care how I'm doing. 
most grateful for my two sons. 
Egos from work and competition, negative energy,politics,trusting people and people all not being team players 
Snuggling with dogs 
Shovelled and then skated on the community skating rink. 
New Year day 
watching my kids do things outside the box. 
MADE IT THROUGH ANOTHER DAY WITHOUT MY MEDICATION 
took me meds 
Telephone call from an actual friend. 
seeing melissa 
made a good chicken recipe with brocoli 
A woman told me it was my lucky day. 
Talked to my son via phone 
was very delighted this morning to send money home to my loved ones and family as gifts. 
My family! 
Petting my cats. 
Waking up next to Jason 
People who surrunded me (my friends, my boyfriend, my family and my students). 
My husband! 
Tengo salud 
1. 
My husband gave me positive words and hugged me 
Listening to some new music. 
woke up! 
wakeing up with Daniel beside me,even tho Idid not feel so good 
my husband 
right now nothing makes my life great 
Having someone wonderful who loves me unconditionally. 
Happy that I am sticking on to my Diet and that Im here on New Year 
my parents. 
Samson's beautiful birthday and New year wishes 
Gary my cat, 
the wonderful friends that I have made at SAA, who left me Christmas Gifts on my table when I was away on vacation 
Katie's laugh-it was wonderful to have her laugh in Maggie's arms last night over pizza and time as the "only" kid. 
The great rest I had last night which had me feeling more energetic today for myself and my family 
Cleaning out and burning my old files/documents from my old job/life. 
treated mom to a restaurant. 
Love 
Debbi empathized with my struggle with jeweler 
seeing hubby and kids healthy 
Les personnes qui pensent a mecrire pour sinformer de moi ou mencourager. 
Long, good sleep 
Waking up with the man I love 
My wonderful husband. 
Aud and Josie are supporting me with a place to stay while I am moving out of Matt's flat. 
First, I cycled down to Monument to take the tube west. 
Great discussion with my boyfriend 
a 
The first thing that brightened my day was listening to my intuition which was playing my violin.it 
Jackson 
having had a good sleep 
My bf texted me 
The first thing that brightened my day was taking a walk with my husband. 
the first good thing I made happen was finishing a piece of woven cloth. 
Being able to sort my day however I like. 
so grateful that I have so many people who texted me to wish me a happy new year. 
J'ai été invité à un réveillon du jour de l'an ukrainien avec pleins de nourriture, d'amis et d'alcool. 
Nothing 
Seeing Seamus waking up, stretching his arms out for me to come cuddle with him in bed. 
funny videos which made me laugh a lot 
Speak languages 
Today I discovered a photograph of my youngest daughter when she was a small toddler, she was fast asleep in the land of nod. 
Waking up next to my love. 
invite my friend to come diner tonight. 
Having the opportunity to attend my children's activities makes my life great. 
A cup of coffee and bagels. 
feel thankful that Linda has really done an amazing job with Alex and his injuries 
A good doctor who takes care of me and backs me up. 
The one thing that makes my life great, are my children. 
My family 
Waking up in my new home that I love and feeling grateful 
The first thing that brightened my day was I had time to take down the Christmas decorations and get the house a little more organized. 
Waking up to see my beautiful girl's little face :) 
texts that let me know people are thinking of me even when I am far away. 
Christmas holiday in Rome: Quality time with my husband, a lovely hotel, quiet days, history, culture and food. 
discovering fast&female website, such an inspiration 
The frost on the trees, the blue sky, the crispness of the morning 
Waking up 
spoke to my exgirlfriend for the first time in 7 years. 
giving me fantastic advice on the keynote 
My family, friends and helping people at my job 
My Children - they give me purpose and help me to carry on when the going gets toughToday: I was able to feel forgiveness after telling my children I was sorry for speaking in anger 
to have people who care about me and are Wishes from other people for 2014! 
my brain, my willingness to learn, my intuition, my sense of humor, my character 
Pulling leftover Christmas crackers at breakfast with my girls, we all wore party hats while we ate our cereal! 
the family reunion 
welcomed the new year with my friends. 
understanding parents who have allowed me to move to DC and leave Jacksonville behind to figure out who I am professionally and personally. 
Mom cooking me a dinner 
Driving confidently through town. 
One thing that makes my life great is that I have a really good group of women that make me feel loved, respected and valued. 
Seeing in the New Year with family 
was able to watch the Rose Bowl Parade with my family. 
Yoga class 
was grateful for the hand over my shoulder my husband gave me to calm me down and to let me know he cared when I was frustrated at a person who made me upset. 
My yoga class. 
I got out of bed before noon. 
Charlotte , s and I watching the minion movie 
Waking up in the morning and realizing I didn't have an asthma attack waking me up In the middle of the night. 
Talking to a good friend about the positive changes we are promising to ourselves. 
I have the means to go see my oldest daughter and grandchildren. 
May have found a BIG place to rent which is also a "project" that we can take on - fun!! 
I have a job 
Went to Mass - Homily was on reflection of the past year to remember what happened and learn from the past - this got me to thinking about writing a journal, setting new year resolutions which lead me to writing a gratitude journal. 
A call from my boss and friend to join them for lunch, as my day was starting out very very dark. 
my mother and her awesome cooking skills! 
a blunt 
was grateful to spend new years with my amazing friends and their families. 
to have people who like me, around for bringing in the New Year. 
The people in my department. 
Henry being affectionate. 
Watching a film with my husband 
day one 
Making bows as gifts for the entire cheerleading squad 
my cousin was in a good mood 
my kids enjoys spending time with me 
Living in Los Angeles 
listened to rain white noise and read. 
the quiet space and time I had that allowed me to do my nails and relax. 
so incredibly grateful and proud to say that I no longer have the stress of anorexia's grasp in my life. 
My husband giving me a good new years eve 
Seeing my kids smile, play and work. 
so grateful for all the time I got to spend with my daughters this week! 
my neighbor reached ou 2 me in support of my loss 
going to the movies with friends tomorrow 
my health 
The cinnamon raisin bread I ate this morning was delicious. 
The 1st good thing I made happen today was...Getting part of my room cleaned. 
woke up laying next to my amazing boyfriend/best friend 
Grateful for an almost healthy family. 
Interacted with pets; very friendly associate at shop; My best friend called and she lives out of state; making proper New Year's dinner for husband 
Waking up to a clean bedroom. 
My vs varsity jackets 
The first thing that brightened my day was having a bottle of wine. 
God. 
Seeing Katie. 
Meeting this week, interesting book about Muslims, article I write, Russian, Italian words I learn, beautiful workroom, meditation, feeling healthy, learning history, Al Bondie, tree I made, trying Happify, successful slimming. 
Seeing Jake 
My best friend. 
well, I'm very grateful to have a very cute, kind, friendly and working mom, that is always concerned about me. 
was able to spend some alone time with my mum 
enjoyed watching Disney Channel and drinking delicious gourmet coffee. 
A friend told me I'm looking hot. 
Coming to office with my hubby.. 
That beautiful Alberta sunshine that I could see through my east facing windows. 
Family and friends 
tea in bed 
My Husband takes very good care of me and loves me, really thankfull to Almighty and my husband 
my parents for take care of me. 
Reading makes my life great. 
Huge white quality paper. 
have a possibility to rest while being sick and sore. 
Being able to all Facetime Rachel in Australia. 
My family 
Better quality relationship with my sister. 
Family fun, interesting, my tribe. 
Getting a good night's rest 
My husband takes good care of me. 
expressing my thoughts to ex on breakup. 
My Family 
My boyfreind didnt break up with for being a bit of an arse to him over the festive period 
ujftyhjd 
email from my friend to come over and have some apples 
my relationships 
W 
The first thing thAt brightened my day was my senior yoga class. 
Having a job 
Quand Ariane m'a écrit pour me demander si j'avais passé un bon Jour de l'An. 
Tracy called in. 
Justin's new desire to help me with boring household chores. 
Not having to drop everything and take care of my Gram 
The first thing that brightened my day was taking James in to stick his hand in the shower. 
had a decent nights sleep 
My mother actually got up and made breakfast for me and my daughters. 
my family 
Être en congé aujourd'hui et avoir du temps pour moi. 
Helping Krista be calm and feel better about her cats illness. 
spending NYE with mom 
Meeting Peter was like a breath of fresh air 
Ken doing the dishes from the night before, his positive energy. 
How my older sons are so happy when I take a day off with them during their college winter break and watching them eat the brownies I baked and how grateful they were for them. 
Being a manager to very difficult employees. 
helped Nick by encouraging him to complete some tasks that he has been putting off for some time. 
The girl at the front desk of the gym said hello to me by name. 
myslenie o dzidzi 
Made healthy breakfast. 
Drinking coffee and watching tv with my mother 
A loving husband who understands me, supports me and loves me 
went to town to do shopping in foreign country. 
1. 
my parents are divorced, they can still get along. 
Gidget wanting a back scratch 
slept well 
super grateful for our new friendships with John /Pandora and Mark/Laurie. 
My wife is a lot of fun 
La planification d'un souper avec ma meilleure amie et son chum que nous n'avions pas encore rencontré. 
New year 
greateful to have my mother and whacth TV with her 
bought 3 pairs of boots, on sale, for $43.00. 
The visit of an old friend 
Enjoying my coffee 
My kids are in shape 
My family is what makes my life great, as well as dance. 
My health because it can be taken away so quickly. 
Grace my daughter called me really excited and said that she got 47 out 50 correct in her spelling. 
the people I work with are funny and caring 
nothing-great quarrel with my brother 
really like the home that I live in 
finished the work deadline 
recently pulled myself out of anxiety for the first time in my life. 
Sleeping late 
God and His blessings.I'm grateful for the chance to wake up every morning and see the sunlight. 
Grateful that I have a job, where I have the holiday's off. 
sat down for a while and caught up with my family, because I've been away for a few days 
you call from my project manager. 
the street lamp that always lights up when i pass by, was already switched on today but as soon as i passed by it, it switched off!! that was pretty surprising! 
What makes my life great? 
Holly being here by my side to go through life with me. 
Pete and Amber stayed over 
Life 
My boyfriend saying he loves me 
my happy, healthy animals. 
got a very nice card from a student saying how much she appreciated me as a teacher 
have a job. 
so grateful that my mom is home and works so hard to take care of the house and my dad. 
My co-workers didnt bother me today. 
Spent the day with Sarah on the couch. 
Talking to one of my best friends that I rarely get to talk to. 
Today I watched a documentary on netflix called Tent City. 
having a good apartment to live in 
My friend thanked me for listening to her problems. 
pretty 
Suzie smiles. 
Thinking about my boyfriend, and remembering the first time we were together. 
Doy gracias de que mi familia fue adesayunar churros conmigo en la mñn 
My family and friends make my life great 
my family , 
a walk in the wood with my mother and her boyfriend. 
really happy I'm not in this confusing relationship anymore. 
the nice conversation that I had with my mother today. 
My kids are the reason for living and they are a constant daily reminder that there is a reason to live. 
My cousin called me and invited me for supper, she cared about me. 
The kids playing happily 
Byron planned a special dinner out for just the two of us on New Year's Eve & it ended up turning into an absolutely amazing evening... 
Listening to music, playing with my niece, and sleeping 
Lil Pup sleeping next to me 
got a lot of things accomplished today, and finished most of my work undisturbed and undistractted 
Being able to pay my bills progress being made tward being debt free and having savings 
going to the eye doctor 
Grateful for my dog and cat. 
I get to be apart of the lives of the residents at the nursing home I work at. 
My husband because he's cool and has a big heart. 
my three beautiful children who were having a great time playing in their kiddy pool yesterday. 
Drinking tea. 
I/we were about to get through a rough financial time with bills when our car died. 
fik den poncho jeg havde ønsket mig 
Amazing kids 
Mike has great job 
Waking up to snowfall 
smoking a joint 
animals 
Being able to stay home with the kids and not depending on child care. 
Very happy my husband is being supportive while I experiment with food. 
Personal email from an old friend. 
Cameron. 
was glad that a friend told me that they were praying for me. 
I have a wonderful husband who can fix things that need fixing. 
Money to purchase shoes that make my feet feel better. 
Saw a funny video of my son. 
An amazing boyfriend 
J'ai pris du temps pour moi, pour me reposer. 
Christmas break I've spent a lot of time with Tim and the girls. 
was grateful to wake up today in my own bed. 
Seeing my puppy snuggled up next to me 
our condo is warm and close to town 
Worked out 
I was able to buy groceries. 
Getting to know God more. 
1. 
My kids they are healthy and doing well 
Being able to help Emily by loading her dishwasher. 
to have Charlotte. 
Gabie's smile 
My husband and his positive personality. 
The first thing I'm great flu for is electricity in our home. 
my petsmy family 
slept weel. 
I have a wonderful boyfriend that loves me! 
Making breakfast. 
they made me who I am today. 
Waking up early enough 
my sons had a good day at school 
My cold is getting better. 
my son to get me up. 
Taken care of my motherinlaw 
Getting to play with & hold babt Naddie 
My coworkers and I get along very well 
Today I had the day off, while many other teachers had to go back to work. 
Greeting my children and dog 
Rene woke me up saying he made coffee and breakfast was in the microwave 
Planning family vacatio 
Patrice stopped to tell me how much she will miss me and that she really likes me. 
saw a photo of my favorite person. 
woke up 
Scheduling an interview with a company I want to work for 
compliment on my eyes 
We were sent home early because of bad weather. 
Holiday 
My cat's faces. 
My dogs 
the first thing that brightined my day was going bk to work to see my work m8s 
felt useful at work 
have wonderful friends and a caring family. 
completed five miles on the track at the gym even though I didn't expect to and I still feel great 
My daughter made me laugh 
had some delicious vanilla activia yogurt. 
My kids 
my son 
my son made me smile 
Tabitha my cat 
Waking up to my cats beside me. 
went to see my mom's rest in peace area 
Sammie joining me in bed for my last 10 minutes. 
My husband telling me good morning. 
I'm working from home now, and "get" to avoid the treacherous commute to work, especially during the snow/ice. 
my little dogs and the cat are such good company; cuddling me at every chance I get, especially when I'm down or feeling ill. 
Rowan and Jamie brought me New Year's Stew! 
made breakfast for everybody this morning 
my granddaughter Hailey. 
The neighbor did some of our snow removal. 
matt's mom was super nice to the kids and gave us cookies 
Voicemail of Katarina 
The first thing I am thankful for is my husband and daughter. 
coped well with the fire that was behind our house. 
Being able to help my aunt with a problem she had. 
My team loved the book trailer I made! 
can sit outside in the fresh air in my finally-finished backyard 
Support from family and friends. 
my cats and their awesome (and sometimes annoying) personalities. 
a SO who listens and trusts my judgment. 
duffy laying on my lap today 
had a delicious cup of coffee. 
Ry went to kickboxing with me even though he felt yucky. 
my job most of the time. 
My mom and my dad make my life great. 
Being able to do what I want 
my children 
knowing I didn't have to leave the house when it is -20 below. 
my daughter 
Snow stoped finally 
Waking up to a bird singing. 
Mark was very kind and understanding about IS, and met with IS Mark. 
The Computer 
my family and friends. 
There are lots of things that make my life great: Reading, movies, jigsaw puzzles, going to the library, seeing a great movie or opera, coffee and cake. 
my dog 
French toast in the morning! 
my husband tries to get the house warm for me before I get home. 
my friend Allen who called today to check on my husband. 
trying to get more involved and asked a fellow new colleague to volunteer with me to create this year's grade 8 memory book. 
My family, especially my beautiful nieces & nephew 
My boyfriend said he loved me before he left this morning, even though we got into a silly fight before bed last night. 
so grateful for waking up without back pain today. 
The first good thing I made happen was a wonderful coaching session with Cecelia Peters. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting a text from Chris. 
Knowing I'll be moving closer to family soon! 
having a good job 
Home early from work and finished shoveling driveway before anyone needed it. 
got to sleep in today with no interuption. 
Licks and love from my doggie. 
Finding out I can work more hours at the store. 
Annie - she helps out around the house so much. 
Text my son then called him to wish him a happy birthday. 
Having a job 
Not much 
A Hug 
my boyfriend. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up early and walking my dog. 
A nice hot shower 
My dog Dude 
Good start to my work day 
took down Christmas decorations and my daughter Carolyn helped me. 
Having breakfast with kids 
remembering to try and keep positive thoughts alot of the time...(still learning) 
My husband kissing me with passion at the start of the day 
D'avoir pris du temps pour moi 
making It to work safely 
Church Service canceled 
my mom. 
Went shopping with my sisters 
got a positive email following up a resume I sent in 
Waking up this morning 
my first cup of coffee 
MY HEALTH 
Darren got up early to pack lunch/make coffee 
Separation / divorce whilst being at the other end of the country from family. 
Managed to go through lists and update them to my satisfaction. 
my mother because she provides me with food and cleans the house. 
got up early and on time 
MY POOKIE WOKE ME UP SWEETLY 
I have a job. 
I have a home at all; it may not be perfect but I am not underwater and if push came to shove I could make a portion of the payments by getting roommates. 
Tessa eagerly waiting for me to say hello. 
The house keeper came today - I love coming home to a clean house and I'm happy I can afford to have someone do it for me. 
A job - I have a good job that I like and I'm doing well with. 
Le plaisir de faire un feu dans la cheminee de papa et de voir sa fierte ds ses yeux 
A wonderful loving Husbandmy 2 dogs and 1 catThings I write or create 
the kids didn't complain about dinner 
had a relaxing bath 
My husband being home with me for a week 
just happy to have a roof over my head. 
got ready. 
Anya -- My little niece is absolutely the light of my life. 
Newton Bible - I am not there anymore. 
got my bills paid. 
Everybody cleaned up 
not having school 
Anthony always makes me smile 
Leah is having a baby 
My kids are healthy 
was very productive at work today...got alot done and met my goals 
Waking up to my grandson smiling face 
getting email from boss that reassigned duties in the office 
getting home from work 
having my children with me 
ang 
My boyfriends smile. 
my family is safe and provided for. 
my children are healthy. 
Watching a funny video. 
My lovely hubby came on to me before I even brushed my teeth. 
Erika thought that the walking desk Jennifer made was really cool. 
Thankful that my first day back after vacation was easy and stress free! 
Xmas and new year went well 
the support and stability my husband provides. 
Got laundry all caught up 
starting my day out doing a 20 minute meditation and yoga with a whole bunch of other people and coming out of the yoga studio to a perfectly blue beautiful sky. 
gave Jack a scratch when I got up this morning. 
Fred Brown getting up to say goodbye to me before work. 
There was gorgeous snow outside ! 
1. 
seeing the successes of my children 
No traffic driving to work 
给H布置了作业。 
my cat 
Having a home that is warm, well stocked, and safe 
playing with my dog 
- the new computer would be faster, lighter, cleaner, and have new games. 
have a fabu spouse. 
brought three stray cats in out of the cold. 
received a gift from Kenny, it contained comfortable and warm fuzzy socks. 
seeing the sun out. 
My daughter 
Dinner with Roseann, Karen, and Sara 
Amitie 
Having been able to adopt my grandson. 
Lisa reached out to me for support when her father died. 
my daughter called me 
Met some new, nice people today 
didn't wake up with the cold that's been going around. 
the positive encouragement my friend gives me when I need it most without my asking. 
I have family around me and I don't have to live alone 
my son still hugs me. 
came home from work. 
Knowing I will be off work tommorow 
Ellen was open to having a big hug before she got out of the car to catch the school bus. 
1. 
Grandchildren 
it was suny yesterday 
Having good colleagues who listen to your complaints and be there for you 
didn't have an overwhelming amount of work today 
My son and his upbeat attitude 
My husband saying good morning 
My kids are coming home tomorrow. 
my son ran out the front door to tell me he loved me and gave me a big hug 
My house 
Steady income. 
went to the gym and did a 60 minute sculpt and tone class that I did not want to go to, but made myself accountable and went. 
christmas trees are taken down and ornaments stored away. 
Getting to see my grandkids, 
Mes parents 
Tickling Quinn til he peed 
I have friends who are always there to talk to. 
Seeing my son's face 
Had an awesome breakfast at my hotel 
family,friends,GOD 
very thankful for a husband who works daily to give his family a good life. 
It was a half day at work. 
recieved a text from Mark saying that he liked my latest creation. 
talking to mom 
my dogs Diefenbaker, Harley, and Mieka. 
My old job was a huge source of stress for me. 
The chance to see something new in Arizona: beautiful sunsets, rocky scenery, lakefront. 
Chat with Christine 
Cooking with Julianna. 
My daughter and her helpful, nurturing nature. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up next to the man I love. 
didn't feel good to run, but went out, ran a tough hill for an hour 
Waking up next to my husband. 
My 15 month old granddaughter waking me. 
Completing day one of yoga even in the snow 
Breakfast! 
My daughters. 
Thankful that my school bus went without gelling up this afternoon 
A really cool city condo 
going out for my walk 
Mike's getting better. 
have a grandbaby 
have a job 
my children and I are as close to each other as we are. 
First thing I did that made me feel good was to take a shower and put clean clothes on. 
1. 
Someone made a friendly gesture and small talk to me and my dog. 
My kids 
Jared made dinner because it tasted good and because it gave me time before dinner to get some of my chores done. 
1. 
Listening to music while I walked to campus. 
have some wonderful new clothes to wear. 
Seeing my bosses daughter Sierra when she came in from school. 
Jadyn said something funny. 
time by myself. 
Travis. 
My family is there for me. 
Cuddle time with Jadyn. 
finding a list of books I am looking forward to reading 
to have a child who can entertain herself for periods of time 
Seeing my husband's smiling face when I got up this morning. 
my mother understood the mental state I was in and gave me some space. 
Grateful for time with my kids. 
my daughter's giggles, they make me smile even when I'm in a funk. 
Working out with my husband. 
My boss sent me an adorable picture of his new born son. 
my sister, family. 
cleaned the kitchen and mopped the floors. 
made it to work on time, even after packing my lunch. 
shelter 
compliment received from rider on how she enjoys my services 
My dog loves to cuddle with me so much. 
All my blessing, my good health 
Getting to spend time with Dez for an entire week before I have to head back home. 
abundance. 
My life is great because God loves me. 
Today I woke up and had everything I needed to get my To - Do list done: Internet, printer, scanner, phone line. 
my kids 
This morning we had company. 
got my driveway scooped off 
gratful for Steven being home for the holidays. 
My faith 
J'ai reçu un massage formidable où j'ai pu me laisser aller et apprécier le moment 
I got my wood floors cleaned before pulling a muscle in my back. 
A partner 
My bank account was not overdrawn 
The first thing that brightened my day was cuddling with my little nephew while watching a Disney movie. 
having a yummy cup of coffee at starbucks. 
my home 
I got to sleep until I woke up this morning. 
Have an awesome job and get to work with kids 
Today I got my son to eat three apple slices with peanut butter. 
The special kiss my honey gave me when he came home. 
very grateful that my children are at home and want to do thigs with me even of it is mundane. 
My sister 
when my dad called me his daughter. 
I can get up everyday and use my arms and legs and breath in and out. 
so grateful for taking a step back TWICE today to connect with my kids instead of just get really overwhelmed and angry at them. 
the sun was shining 
Lynne gave me major credit and kudos 
Hiking 
the delectable yet simple lunch which Esther cooked for us. 
was told that a friend keeps theor distance because I'm too embroiled in drama and turmoil and I chose to do something about it. 
Talking to a former church member and discovering her reason that her reason for leaving church was similar to mine; & knowing I wasn't alone in my feelings 
My sister is like a friend but we live together so we're usually annoyed with each other but I have been away for the holidays. 
Spending time with my beautiful daughter over the holiday break 
Cool weather 
1. 
Today my old friend Hayley drove me back to Brisbane when I was feeling anxious and worried. 
my life, my health, my family 
The beautiful home I live in and maintain 
didn't have to shovel the driveway when there was over a foot of snow because my brother had already done it. 
prepared lunch for family 
Waking up and thinking that the night was very depressive and now it was day time, and have no reason to be depressed at all! 
My job is great 
Husband 
my health and the health of my family 
To of meet kind and helping people in the waiting queue at the home affairs office in South Africa. 
trusted God as I headed to work today with very bad visibility. 
got a haircut 
Going cross-country skiing with Dinah (our dog). 
my apartment which is small and lovely and in a most beautiful setting that makes me happy every day. 
My grandchildren and that they are all well 
went out for a run and even though it was hard because I felt like I was carrying a weight vest I committed to do it and felt healthy and good from the very beginning of the day 
my loving family 
Seeing my cats 
was not sick. 
Spoke to someone at work who i rarely speak too. 
Todd reached out to Andrew to help him with his job search. 
Sarah has landed in a good job and is finally getting some great professional experience. 
Beautiful sunrise that made it okay that this was a Monday! 
My meeting with the client at JCM went very well. 
My kids. 
$300 gift card for cross selling 
The crescent moon just below Venus in the morning sky during my drive in to work made me realize just how incredible our world is. 
Lunch with Tami on Sunday -- it was nice reconnecting. 
They liked my shirt. 
Helped a friend when she called. 
my husband 
My kids 
My mother, as always, said she enjoyed my playing and practicing. 
my parents let me focus on my own responsibilities and didn't bother me with the housework and other stuff. 
Brin going someone a gift that i know she Will enjoy 
Seeing my Children 
The book that I'm reading is getting really interesting and suspenseful. 
being able to dust the house without being interrupted. 
had a really good insight about myself that brought me to this site, namely that I expect very little of myself around some things like pushing myself to do better at work and my fitness level and body. 
my mom made lunch for me. 
My house smells really good 
Having a warm house on a very cold morning! 
Casey did the dishes for me last night 
marta 
got new pants 
Sophia Marie 
The girls are getting their car seats put in. 
my house and the people that live there. 
My best friend and I made a playlist of songs that took us back to middle school. 
My co-workers 
A clean house. 
my eggs 
the health and well being of my husband and my kids. 
My health 
spoke with my sister last night. 
a somewhat healthy meal 
my family. 
JImmy calling me to ask me out again!. 
Andre took me to work 
got in touch with an old friend and they were pleased to hear from me, which is not what I expected. 
Jolie's face this morning when she woke me up. 
Grateful my Granddaughter is home safe and sound from her vacation. 
Watching SATC 
Knowing I didn't have to work today 
leaving work early 
My children and grandchildren, although there is much work/responsibility involved with each of them, they bring me the true joy I need in my life to balance the things that tend to draw the life out of me on a daily basis. 
found the strength to do yoga 
Holly took the dogs out all day while I was sick 
my home 
we are all safe and healthy 
had a short work day, after which i spent some me-time by wandering in Helsinki. 
having a day off to spent with my son 
Avoir vu mes amies 
my colleagues at work as well as at my volunteer job. 
I was getting inundated with stuff at my work place but I took it easy and in stride, amazing my co-workers with my finesse. 
helped out a co-worker with her payments at the volunteer place I work at. 
To hear from a loved one 
My lovely cup of tea and toast 
woke up feeling good, healthy. 
It is Friday 
Relationship with God 
knowing my piano arrived 
My fiancee is very supportive no matter what happens. 
My bitchy ass boss Mychele. 
My cousin is happy 
children 
my Job gives me the means to care for myself, and my family. 
Getting out of bed 
Partner Support 
so grateful that i am serene and tranquil. 
being able to get out of my bed after a half hour 
no traffic on the way to work 
Retail therapy. 
Introduced two friends to each other for a potential job opportunity. 
got to work from home, cozy on the couch, and was very productive! 
My children make my life great. 
have oscar, who truly understands me and comforts me whenever I'm hurting. 
h 
yes 
Car ride and communication with Steven 
My wife helped me get something done on the site. 
get to work with Bunny. 
Our great trip to DisneyWorld. 
Time with Joe. 
The first thing that brightened my day was, my colleague and good friend saved me a seat. 
the snow was beautiful 
Talking to and playing with the kittens. 
Demi and Lizzie messaging me back 
The first thing that brightened my day was laughing at lunch with my friends Jordan and Cameron. 
finished the second day of my cleanse. 
being able to play with my children. 
got myself cool stuff for my wardrobe for free! 
Going for a Run 
My son Luke 
cleaned my room 
1. 
my girl placed he socks in the right place 
Being mindful 
1. 
buying a new car - we have one based on all of the financial difficulties from health and loss of work 
cok yogun bi gun degildii 
Seeing Marie-Eve and my mom 
A close friend phoned me to catch me up on what is happening with her and with an organization we are actively involved in, and to see how I am doing. 
took the time to read a book 
my child 
the beauty and peacefulness of my home. 
My twin grandchildren - Michael and Emma they are 4 months old. 
The first thing was having breakfast with Lara, Jacko,and Ollie 
every morning when i weak up 
for being able to visit my sister 
didn't have to go to work and got to sleep in 
A good nights sleep - feeling well rested and satisfied 
Going for a walk 
Th team made me understand that this is not a worthy place to work 
Yesterday my father agreed to buy my car. 
My children 
Getting dressed up to go out 
when la la gave me a goodmorning kiss 
was grateful that my parents came over for dinner its nice to see how happy my kids get to see them. 
My friend supported me when finding out that I had lost my job, This made me feel good to be able to talk to someone as I people tend to think that I am stronger than I am and that I don't need support. 
My husband completed his job assignment. 
Factuur is betaald. 
got a sell on my online shop 
Hope 
I have a space to garden and grow my own food...especially lettuce. 
Je suis reconnaissante que mon chum fasse le petit déjeuner 
seeing this site 
When in coaching classes early in the morning,despite being sleepy i concentrated and enjoyed the topic. 
Henri dans ma vie 
Thank you for the abondance we live in. 
It's Saturday 
1. 
children Happy 
The sun was shining 
beautiful day 
Having love from others around me: lover, kids, friends 
my kids make me great full for what i have done and the fact that they are happy and healthy 
Patiner avec mes enfants dehors 
woke up and felt at peace because I woke upbto a clean house and food prepared,from the day before when I cleaned and baked some comfort food, and felt like my old self, after battling a 4 week cold, and a disease I battle everyday, but , I am working on controlling the disease not it controlling me. 
learning with my older son 
To awake, still having plenty of time to stay in bed, enjoying the feeling of the soft sheets. 
Good husband 
1. 
I generally achieve what I set out to (tasks, chores) and that I am often helped by others when I do so. 
Waking up beside my beautiful girl friend 
my tante linda asked me how things were with my lady 
Expressing my feelings to my friends... 
Sleeping in 
I made my patient smile, 
The first thing that brightened my day was sleeping in, in my warm bed with clean bedding, and our kitty came to visit me. 
A. neighbor called to wish me a happy new year. 
Bonne journée de ski 
Tom has been overly sweet,patient and understanding with me today. 
Payday 
i have a loving and supportive husband.. 
having lee my partner in my life, putting up with me, helping me and being there for me. 
Le dévouement de Renaud à mon égard. 
La découverte de l'univers de la courtepointe. 
J'ai pu m'inscrire à la mi-session de bien-étre. 
Un mari dévoué, ma pré-retraite, le soleil. 
Aller travailler le matin. 
some of my co-workers who listen to me and I listen to them in time of need. 
Going though a 11 year together relationship divorce 
Jesse, and his open ear and heart. 
Estou GRATA por ter a minha Larinha em casa comigo e que é tão carinhosa e me faz companhia. 
foodI am grateful to have food in my stomach and to be able to purchase food 
got to sleep in until 9 
La compagnie de Julie 
Having sex this morning. 
Il fait moins froid 
Moving in to our new appartment 
Started working on setting my new phone up. 
My many talented friends who make music, create art, sing, dance. 
My Starbucks! 
Family 
Shannon's support 
my hubby talking with me and helping me to help myself 
speaking to my husband. 
the first thing brightened my day was hearing from my partner, 
I am clean and sober and able to be here and be helpful to my family, whether it be helping my parents around the house or being at the hospital to help my grandma. 
so happy and thankful to have an amazing significant other that supports me and helps me cope with my mental illness and struggles. 
A conversation with Dafnee in the morning 
1. 
Learning. 
went to see my Mum's grave and found the pot to put flowers in it so it looked pretty. 
My family 
Was the thought that this day would be different from yesterday. 
My daughter 
Playing with my daughter 
My husband got me chocolate today 
Personal freedomStrong health and brainFinancial independenceGreat apartment that is a sanctuaryJob at dream organizationFamily and close friends who care 
Two amazing kids, really amazing and due to the job I do I see them all the time. 
When Sam fell over and banged his head, everyone in the household went crazy - I calmly picked him up, applied a cold pad to his head and sat with him while he calmed down. 
Healthy kids 
Music makes my life great. 
when my mom told me that she misses me 
My mother. 
My home is paid off. 
I cleaned out the garage yesterday. 
My girls are happy & healthy. 
my son is healthy 
Family 
optimistic 
My roommates always greet me warmly in the morning. 
Seeing my posters all over office. 
we have plenty of food here at the apartment to make delicious, healthy and filling meals. 
We no longer have to worry about how we're going to pay for a wedding. 
Drew called and talked to me for 45 min 
feel grateful that I am on track with my dreamboard. 
Waking up next to my husband 
Having Elena call me up and share her experiences with me. 
my life. 
All the help Jen has been giving me in painting and fixing the house. 
The fact that there was no traffic on the road. 
Remembering that I now have the best hangover cure. 
the past few months, I've been able to spend every day with my son, Henry. 
Waking up next to my husband. 
The ability to work from home. 
Reconnected with an old friends. 
My wife made me good foot every night, thanks 
don't have to pretend to be Mr. nice any more and sacrificing my own priority. 
Enjoying a spin class and being able to do it despite aching 
Having Isla 
Convo w/ Mike yesterday 
Freedom from real hardship 
slept in till 8:30 and felt well rested.Since there were no guests at the hostel I didn't have to make a mad scramble. 
Naa coming into my bedroom and kissing me good morning. 
my family! 
My husband 
took care of myself by making a coffee enema. 
satan 
My health and my Son, family and Soul Mate 
The sculpture I had made was looking great! 
LA santé 
tyler 
Running 
Watching the Office with Dad while Kimba naps on my lap. 
felt loved by my boyfriend and had an awesome lie in with him. 
I am beautiful and they cannot understand how I haven't found that right person yet. 
went to the gym 
felt confident filling the pump at work 
such a supportive boyfriend that takes care of me and makes sure I have the things I need when I'm ill. 
Loving husband 
1. 
reading an article What to Do When You Find It Hard to Do What’s Good for You - reinforced the idea of surrendering yourself by embracing yourself and current situation 
Laughing at Lunch with Aunt Risa and Mommy 
Daddy let me car so I could met Marta before we split up for a long time. 
to spend a lazy sunday afternoon with my son and husband. 
When things seem to get stressful at work and everything seems to go wrong at once. 
My husband coming in to wake me up for the day. 
nothing 
Matt kissed me goodbye before he left 
Achat de mon cadeau de Noël 
Had some alone time today 
Me lever et contempler la vue depuis notre beau salon tout blanc! 
made it to church and enjoyed it! 
My bed, sheets and quilt. 
Hot water is back! 
1/5/14 - Occasionally Deb and I can disagree as we did today over something she said that I took exception with, and now more than ever I can defuse it by providing a response that is not loud or angry but rather is softer and more reasonable and more understanding than in times past. 
got to sleep in this morning 
walked into work today with a confident stride and brought a happy attitude with me today. 
myself and my children are happy and healthy, that we have a roof over our heads, and a beautiful one at that. 
Train ride 
My parents were present for me (time with them). 
Talking to my boyfriend on Skype and seeing his beautiful smile 
My boyfriend told me he was really proud of me for working through my anxiety 
My Partner knew I was nervous on my first day of uni so turned up after my class to surprise me and take me to coffee! 
my family 
A lot of my friends want to get together to go on vacation together and it sounds like a blast! 
Waking up and thanking Jesus for all that I have. 
Skate with my daughter Rosie 
Morning sunshine 
didn't have work today because it's Sunday. 
Pastor Stanley' Sermon 
the leak stopped. 
to see my dogs and my cat 
Seeing that it was sunny outside 
The first thing that brightened my day was when my dad was talking about the guy that kept stopping his car in front of him, and then we all started laughing cause the way he said was so funny. 
Seeing my little nephew brightened up my day. 
got up and took a walk around the park. 
Grateful to spend a quiet Sunday at home 
my family 
seeing the fresh snow fall 
Kyle showning me Youtube videos all the time 
Kate and Sean helping each other 
That Rachel said the kids are all willing to do whatever it takes to reach Steve. 
to join happify 
Tauno. 
to my father who not only allows me to stay here (rent free may I add) but he loves that I am here. 
Well first off I don't have to worry about Eddy for the moment. 
My having the next three days off 
To have a doggie that is fun 
My kids are pretty well balanced and have come a long way in their own personal development. 
people around me that encourage me when i'm in pain or feeling down 
When I went outside this morning my dog came and sat with me - he is big and leans in to get a big hug and an ear rub! 
good meal with dale at chili's 
Clare came over for brunch. 
Emang covered for me after I covered for her last week 
delecte finally my Facebook's account 
dad and i had a great talk.. about the villas and a possible new home .... i am happy that i will have a new home soon...thanks dad, for everything i wanted :) 
A friend helped me with writing my cover letter. 
Freedom to spend my time the way I choose. 
my husband works in the medical field and can help with any issues. 
Health 
The beautiful and warm day 
was able to calm myself down after a stressful morning 
went to the gym, and sat in the sauna and was able to meditate. 
It's warm and raining instead of icy and snowing. 
Being controlled by my living situation/family. 
art school, in boston. 
talked to my dad and made him happy. 
Digital Camera: I've always wanted one, it's come in handy in dozens of situations, and it's in decent shape still. 
Affection 
Creating my video/exporting my files. 
my family being supportive of my major change when I told them over winter break. 
was able to help my friend find tv shows OnDemand for free. 
I'm able to stay home with my daughter and see all of her great "firsts". 
Running my own piano studio. 
Rachel made tea today because I was tired. 
good friends like Karyn and Suzan are listening and helping me through today. 
we have heat 
Not with David anymore 
My wonderful boyfriend who loves and takes care of me. 
Maca having helped me so much with my exam. 
One thing that makes my life great is that I have an affectionate family in my husband, children and father. 
beat Survival: Night (Hard) and unlocked Survival: Roof (Hard)! 
not isolated in rural North Carolina anymore. 
have a fun, interesting team of young women who seek and appreciate leadership 
My family 
A friend who I had lost closeness with texted me and we had a nice conversation. 
The First thing that brightened my day was when I cooked for breakfast. 
taking a spinning class today 
could go home right now and my parents would be stoked to see me. 
my friend Jobina who is going through the same thing I am so we try to motivate eachother and encourage eachother to stay positive and focused. 
Jess L. commented on something I posted on Facebook - was great to see her over break, continues the feeling of connection. 
don't have to worry about cooking/caring for someone who needs more help than I can help 
Being with my daughter and taking her out for a little while 
Breakfast with the ladies 
Shelter- I am grateful that I have a warm place to live. 
BF drove me to work this morning 
a supportive and loving family who have my best interests at heart and just want me to be happy. 
Dad offered to bring Lin to program because the roads might be bad. 
I have enough money to get by at the moment and that I have some more money coming in too. 
Kids 
having my own room. 
Martin makes my life great. 
The sun was shining 
Made Veronika hot chocolate 
Shelter 
Not being rushed for work in the morning and trying a new smoothie. 
Auntie called and postponed our meeting as I suggested. 
1. 
to have friends to talk to about my stressors 
Friends and some family make my life great! 
Made plans with Scott to come visit over President's Day weekend. 
People reaching out to me to organize a birthday party for a mutual adult friend. 
Coffee 
Being on time to class - early even! 
Waking up with my boyfriend. 
my relationship with god 
Travelling to work with Matthew 
James came home from work for a minute and made me smile 
Corinne a pensé à moi et m'a envoyé un lien vers un site qui peut m'intéresser 
kids'health 
my little boy came home from school happy - first day at new school and he had been upset this morning leaving home 
My husband putting away all of the groceries and making dinner after I was exhausted from a morning hike. 
Faith in God. 
The rain, I am alive, 
Bertie the pug snoozing next to me! 
Good news from the govt. 
Unlimited cuddling (very important) 
great full that I feel well rested and ready to go back to work Wednesday. 
the phone and internet came back online 
1. 
Going to happy hour 
Seeing my cat looking healthier and his allowing me to give him his awful tasting medications without fuss. 
My project meeting with the client didn't go wrong today. 
Laptop Computer - bigger than the notebook, with a touch screen. 
Steve walked the dogsFeeling a little hopeful. 
someone said thank you 
can be home with my kids and focused on them while they are so young. 
My submarine worked 
having someone, far away, accepting me and loving me for what i am. 
Cuddles and loving attention from my girls 
waking up with joe's arm around me. and knowing he does love me in a weird and distant way 
have a beautiful daughter who makes me smile every day. 
completed the proposal and will find out tomorrow whether they want me to do the work 
married to David and we live in Maine 
My husband, my kids, my job 
Thankful kids are back to school and Andrew is not on crutches 
Traveling 
The Warmer weather 
Waking feeling FULLY RESTED!! 
have a near perfect family that is very loving and loud 
going to my dental clinic 
Sophia being home. 
woke up with the motivation and energy to take care of my health with good foods. 
That i was able to have my check up at the doctor 
Work 3days a week 
walked dogs in back fields. 
having coffee in my mug 
we sit and eat dinner as a family. 
Pilates 
Not needing to go out into the cold 
Thankful for my loving husband. 
Family 
to work at home and be with my animals 
The first thing that brightened my day was my cat snuggling into bed with me. 
Rachelle helped me organize my home 
May is such a sweet and loving girl. 
To be able to ride my bike to work 
my car started without a problem in all the snow. 
felt reasonably competent at work. 
Random said "bless you" when I sneezed 
Having lunch with my coworkers was a welcome change. 
to work with Erin -- she always makes me laugh, and talking with her makes the day go faster. 
Getting to go to my friends office and pick up a movie 
picked up lunch for my work mates. 
Pat said he wants me to move to Philly 
have a beautiful daughterMy dogsMy healthMy enduring inner strengthmy health 
Help from parents 
a soft bed. 
the delicious food that I can have at home every day. 
My little grand daughter Bella and daughter Dorcie 
trying ta think positive & be calm. 
Brian expressed utmost faith in me and in my abilities. 
Positive email from Brice 
How cute my dog is, every day. 
to be warm and safe, when it's so freezing cold outside. 
walking to school with the girls 
Attending the temple. 
made it to work on time even though there was a train delay. 
My coworker brought me breakfast when I mentioned that hers looked good. 
Friend-Vicki 
My roommate did the dishes today. 
work, one client was having a complete meltdown. 
brought my sister to brunch. 
watched movies with my friend all day. 
My former client wants me to be a BHP for her granddaughter. 
Being invited to Settlers Night 
Sticking to the diet I just began, without binging on food or alcohol. 
My husband did laundry and now I have clean clothes for tomorrow 
have a friend like Danielle I can call 
Spending time with dad 
my heater works. 
Medical insurance... this has been a huge burden over the years. 
I have a loving husband. 
Having wonderful support at home 
Helping with the cupping video 
having dinner with my mom and dad. 
Sharing with a friend. 
My daughter , she is so responsible and thoughtful, and she is always there for me.I am also grateful for this chance to go back to school, I am loving it.I am grateful for my good health. 
subway 
The people that are around me - Paul for being so supportive and understanding my freak outs & Anna for being able to talk to 
alive and happy. 
Horrid night's sleep but my cold is definitely on the way out!! 
To have found someone to do admin for me 
speaking to the cleaner and taking her advise 
my kids are healthy 
My family 
received a compliment on my hand writing :-) 
Feeling like I supported Tim. 
My sweety 
People in my life 
The sun shining through my window this AM 
God's unfailing, unchanging love. 
Classes were cancelled due to the cold weather which relieved stresses that always come with starting the work week 
possitive attention 
saw my best friend to go to school 
putting my bike outside 
got to have a hug from my mum & a cry on her shoulder. 
Erik does so many chores around the house. 
Drinking some more dank tea - an awesome morning routine that I've been cherishing. 
was invited to breakfast by my sister 
stayed up ALL night cleaning, doing laundry, and rearranging furniture. 
J'ai assez d'argent pour bien vivre 
J'ai une belle grande maison, confortable et à mon goût. 
Zak 
the ability to wake up. 
Glad Camiila's surgery went well 
We got on ok in bed this morning 
enjoyed this morning with my boyfriends. 
My husband showed caring gestures in the morning when I woke up. 
Didn't send my brother money and didn't feel bad about it. 
It was less cold than Monday, more bearable. 
life 
cuddle with the cats 
have an extremely supportive husband 
a lot of people in my life. 
my loving, supportive and healthy family. 
coffee 
The first thing that brightened my day was sleeping in because of the two hour delay. 
to be able to stay home with my children. 
Totally free of any obligations 
I had a really goodnight of sleep 
1. 
my family. 
My husband said I looked pretty. 
completed the crossword puzzle without pausing. 
was able to talk to Ravi. 
being there. 
Deeper friendships developing with Beth, Cynthia, and even Sarah. 
Amy 
to have enough money to go shopping for food 
Moving house- this house is bought 
sunny and warm 
accomplished some work and finished a project. 
finished a newsletter for work that had been put on the back burner for the past couple of weeks. 
my work college who was supportive to me today. 
Bobby decided to wash the dishes and clean the kitchen while I worked on grad school applications. 
making it to the mountain, climbing pain de sucre and back on my own, braving the cold 
I was able to help someone in some sort of way. 
managed to have a conversation with some one i hurt in the past. 
My car. 
Buying tickets for LSFF with Zoe on Saturday 
Getting a message from someone I hold important 
got a text from an old friend and we have a good conversation and he made me smile 
Michael likes cooking and often cooks supper especially when I don't feel like doing it 
Having a really yummy lunch at my favorite Mexican place. 
Chris asked me if it was OK we switched our dinner plans instead of assuming it was OK. 
Finding love and a future mate. 
Seeing my puppies run up to me when I got home. 
The first thing was a change of scenery in work, I got to go to Lagan valley to help out there for a while. 
Cuddling with my dog and drinking coffee. 
My son had a good day. 
to start my day by having fun and joking around with my boyfriend and kids. 
Reading my Bible 
My tea 
My yoga this morning 
2 belles filles 
Dana helped me clean my upstairs mess. 
Emily took the trash out. 
Drink a coffee while reading a great book. 
have a great partner who I love dearly. 
A wonderful, fun-loving daughter. 
Spending time with my bf. 
have the best family in the world- my mom and dad are my heroes, my siblings are so different than me yet I admire and love them deeply, my aunts and uncles are like siblings/friends/best advice givers, nonny is the f***ing sh**, I love Emily and the rest of my cousins, my second cousins are so much fun. 
Jack made yummy french toast! 
My car made it home today. 
Kids giving hugs 
An income until August 
my family is healthy 
The first thing that brightened my day was finally getting around to working out, even if I know i didn't overly feel like it i knew I'd feel better afterwards. 
even though I had the intention of eating somewhere else, stopping to say hi to a group of people I knew lead to them inviting me to sit with them. 
Quality time with my son 
Nobody is sick 
write a bunch of stuff 
Quick response from HQ 
We got through a record cold snap without the pipes freezing. 
Good conversation 
Playing with Alice 
It was a pleasant surprise to wake up on the right side of the bed. 
healthy, employed and have meaningful relationships with others 
Downloaded and worked on a video game software 
My parents helping me out 
a shower 
My dad took care of me today when I thought that he would have just given up on me based on my mood. 
Applying to my transfer school. 
Students recognized me from the class I t.aed for 
a cuddle in bed with scott I feel safe and loved wrapped in his arms 
walked with dog around the lake 
Having homecooked food for lunch, healthy and nutritious, with a cup of Milo 
Beautiful sun shining outside 
received a good morning beautiful text from my boyfriend. 
Evie waking up and dancing 
so grateful of the talents and abilities that the Supreme being bestowed me. 
i can pay for a roof over my head and feel secure. 
Praise, thank God and think positive even after rejected by job application 
Nancy is here 
Oscar 
Shiree doing well 
cleaned up my study room. 
don't have to go to work 
Sou grata por ter um lugar gostoso e privado para dormir, preparar minhas refeições , tomar um banho gostoso, lavar minhas roupas, ficar perto de amigos que gosto, trabalhar confortavelmente e com segurança 
My family were happy 
family 
waking up beside my fiance 
The kindness of strangers 
Möta kollegorna 
Waking up next to my love. 
Gillian paid me several nice compliments 
didn't have to work 
I get to live in a beautiful house and I have everything that I need there 
Kiss on the forehead :-) 
Switching my classes 
linda, she gave me a great hug. 
Walk 
Sunshine Outside 
a friend told me that I am amazing and that I handled my situation with Dave with class. 
Me lever en compagnie de mon amoureux, c'est toujours plaisant. 
my children being happy and healthy 
was actually really glad it was raining today because I got to use my new umbrella after a few weeks of no rain or just snow. 
Upendra : because he does so much for me. 
Bethie got up out of bed on her own! 
A warm and safe space to wake up in. 
my husband is recovering from surgery. 
Surfing 
heard a song on the radio that I love and hadnt heard in so long 
Brody brought me a coffee in bed without me asking. 
life is in the hardest step, I’m sinking but this is good because I realize how hard is to live every day. 
my SO takes our daughter for a couple hours on sundays so that I can have time to myself. 
getting divorced. 
The sun was shinning 
Receiving an email from my my insurance sales lady telling me she found a cheaper plan. 
My wife and daughters were in a good mood and having a good breakfast. 
didn't overeat ! 
My coffee was nice. 
Finding a church in the area to attend that my husband an I could agree on 
dusty's cuddles and companionship 
One thing that makes my life great is my ability to indulge in geeky media. 
My beautiful daughter who spent the day at the hospital with me 
my health 
A beautiful smile from my man 
Was able to get out of bed easily this morning. 
all of my children. 
have a comfortable place to live, without financial worries, in a convenient and safe location. 
Dana mansuri 
had some good ideas on my client call. 
Seeing my two daughters'smiling faces this morning 
my health and my family 
To see Sara and have a project with her 
Maybe I could say that I liked my first appointment with the dentist this morning to get my Invisalign Treatment (straighten my teeth). 
My family 
My family 
Being able to speak passionately with Alison about the job we do. 
It brightened my day when I woke up & realized I was finally home alone... 
Yesterday at work I was grateful for 3 things: 1. 
The first thing that brightened my day was making pancakes from scratch for my son and Paul and pleasing them. 
My professor for my new psychology course makes the entire class laugh at least a few times during each class. 
Telling me that my new hat looks nice! 
Delphine m'a remercié de l'avoir aidé à trouver les informations dont elle avait besoin. 
my parents. 
Got à texte message from n 
Avoir des dossiers forts intéressants 
made time to sit down with Harper to read books -just the two of us. 
woke up this morning to one of my puppies licking my face. 
I got to see Mike today. 
Family-- husband, & kids---- dinners together, vacations. 
Finding the Michael had responded to my email. 
woke up and made a good, healthy breakfast for myself. 
Woke up in a decent mood 
a grateful for a lovely home and a full fridge. 
felt grateful when several people said what a great school we had and were interested in hearing more about it. 
woke up motivated to complete some tasks that I have been putting off for a while. 
chatting with my friend Jill - tons of laughs! 
Meeting new friends skiing in Canmore. 
fighting with Bob 
Seeing my wife. 
Today I actually baked again. 
My roommates are generous and considerate. 
Running 
Thankful for being able to take a nap today with no disruptions. 
my day was less stressful 
My brother complimented me on the dinner I made. 
Eva was pretty content today and happy. 
got to have lunch with Luke and hang out a bit! 
Yesterday I was able to basically stick to a schedule and felt really good that I was much more productive than I have been in a long time. 
The way I was able to get over a very bad cold the week before a recital and worked my way through so that I could perform anyway! 
Have a decent job 
Garde-manger 
My wife being supportive and loving. 
was embraced and kissed by a collegue 
Success in my business 
Brian coming over last night. 
decided to become a vegan, and my family were supportive. 
my husband 
The first thing that brightened my day was my daughter. 
So grateful for my Auntie Susie 
l'amour de mon conjoint 
Thanks from Marisha at the Beardmore for giving some time to explain SASO conference needs. 
I can always talk to my friends if I ever have a problem whether it is financial (Dan) or relationship (everyone). 
working out with marcus 
Call from a friend. 
Alexis playing with Alexavier, and how much the little guy loved it and enjoyed it (lots of high pitched shrieks and giggles.) 
don't have to worry I won't have a child. 
Waking up and being able to walk to bathroom and brush my teeth without nausea! 
enjoyed our activity in art class becuse it allows me some creativity during my day and I can be present. 
the first thing that brightened my day was a pretty coral pink plant…i dream of a garden of plants but this one plant was a lift 
Thursday 
my childrenmy determination my flexibility my desire to try new things 
was wished good luck on an exam. 
have been sick with Pneumonia and have been staying at my parents house. 
friends in all areas 
raised the most amazing daughter in the whole world (so far at least) 
My mother's joke and good mood 
special moments spent with my daughter. 
will exercise to start my days. 
The lovely salad i managed to make with stuff that was on my fridge and my kitchen. 
grandchildren that are healthy 
breakfast 
got rid of the Fleas! 
Having a really good phone interview with Influence and Co. 
Becky is taking the time to spend time with me. 
Lekker (lang) geslapen 
my teacher said i did bet on the weekend 
Rob called today and our conversation made me smile and laugh. 
pas procrastiner 
Gavin, calming me down when i was having anxiety about returning to my therapist for extra help with my problems 
Heard back from my good friend, Breanna and suggested we have dinner and a movie. 
My sons smiling face, hugs and kisses 
inspired myself to get up and get motivated. 
C's goodbye before I left. 
I get to be with my kids and my grand child. 
Exercise! 
waking up this morning and seeing the painting I did yesterday. 
John did everything while I was sick 
to spouse for handling all of the household financial chores 
The joy that playing the harp gives to me and other people 
Watching a music video which my friend Rachel showed me. 
have my baby everyday. 
Waking up alive 
hug from matt 
have a loving, kind, funny, sweet husband! 
Riley and cole watching the sopranos and I joined 
Mom 
Lydia being happy to see me. 
Petting my cat in the morning before work 
Commute was not bad, despite road closure. 
An appointment with a person who can help me move forward in my career. 
Seeing my lovely daughter first thing on the morning 
my loving family 
Charlotte rit et est bien 
Seeing my son this morning 
My partner was considerate of my feelings. 
My son Zac was able to come for lunch. 
My 3 yr old helped me clean by picking up his own toys 
had a relaxed morning and felt much less anxious. 
was physically able to clean the house today 
the place that I live. 
good job - I'm successful relatively. 
Brilliant run of green lights on the way home 
seeing three emails from Zoe Kors, one of which said she could hardly find the words to express her feelings re my mat to mattress outline 
Learn English 
my house. 
saw a cute picture of my friends baby in a cardboard box--just like a cat. 
went onto the internet to find something that would uplift or help me with my depression and negative thought patterns. 
a 
Finding out that our Grad wear had arrived! 
was able to pump the water out of the basement and it didn't overflow on to the floor. 
Made lunch for mum and brother 
always is interested in what I have to say 
made my own graphic design for a CD for a school project. 
Today, it was so cold and my classmate offered me her own coffee,i took only two sips but I was feeling great to have such company. 
Jen stood up for me when I was told by the educator that I was not providing my orientee with a good orientation. 
Chirps singing in the front yard as my husband fixed the front door. 
read what I am passionate of 
Going to buntings with dad 
My son existing and in my life. 
Putting my keys on the little key ring from Hawaii that Jay got for me 
my kid's singing. 
sunny day. 
My health 
Reading an article in à magazine. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I had some really good ideas for my project and that I did a whole lot of work and was very effective. 
RK Commenting on my work 
getting up and seeing the sun rise 
Having 2 children. 
Lunch with Jocelyne L. today. 
Today was the last episode of the soap opera. 
Achieving help without conflict. 
Lately I've been keeping my calm during not so pleasant situations. 
A brief moment of the negativity lifting and feeling a strong pang of connection to Ben. 
have been able to find my textbooks at a reduced price. 
Triathlon 
bought myself a new bed, wardrobe and a super cool coach in rose color; 
Louis 
sewed a leather bag.That was for sale and making money.but 
went to cinema today.I watch Gravity.that was awesome .i 
One of my friends suddenly massaged me in Facebook...and god knows from where ,he started to talk to me about something important and personal for me...and he really helped me to face the issue. 
there was a time that i could not handle being in a group of people ,i had bad feelings( physically) i went with my sisters friends out,(in mountains)my blood pressure dropped and i was about to pass out. 
Going outside. 
My car. 
The fact that I started running again! 
to have Diana who will always care about me and do what it takes to help me. 
The kiss that my mom gave to me. 
The beautiful cool change and great conditions for outdoor exercise. 
watching those new born bulldog puppies 
My daughter and I are so close, and get along very well. 
Bills are no longer a huge issue and they are never late anymore. 
Melissa and Matthew. 
1. 
received a phone call from my gorgeous sister and spoke to my one and only beautiful niece who put a smile on my face not forgetting my mother of course. 
took a relaxing epsom salt bath this early morning. 
oliver 
knowing that someone cares about me 
Left work early because I'm sick, not a big deal. 
and thankful for my beautiful niece, just being around her makes me happy so thank you to Carly and Jon 
Ed fed the chickens so that I could sleep later and spend time with Goldie. 
1. 
what I have which is a comfortable life.My training and experience as a teacher keeps me employed part time. 
no depression! 
Hearing from a good friend 
adore music! 
Today my friend actually invited me over instead of leaving me out. 
Spanish tests. 
Denis 
Austin, my fiancé, makes me happier than I've ever been in my entire life. 
Quite time with my husband upon returning home from work 
Chris showed me I could trust him to check on me and make me feel wanted/needed. 
J'ai un copain qui maime et un chien que jaime 
I was able to paint the family room a new color and finish the guest room 
to have a home, a warm home with warm water, a fireplace, a fridge with food in it and all the amenities that I am gifted with. 
Friends wanting to hang out with me 
Clean 
My father taking me out to breakfast this morning. 
hearing from my sister 
Waking up to my boyfriend's sleepy face. 
Family and friends who are uplifting and positive and fill my heart and mind with goodness. 
Being able to lay in for a little while 
gratefull that when I practiced singing yesterday I felt there is improvement in the sound of my voice, it osunds beautifull. 
My childMy lovemy mummy homefriends 
ørjan has a job 
mailing OM 
shoes 
reusit sa citesc ce mi-am propus 
The first thing that brightened my day was being woken by Lucien who had tucked books, shoes, clips and so on into bed with me. 
Three things that make my life great is being able to be free and travel. 
It was friday and that means the weekend! 
Nadaljevala sem maturitetno nalogo pri sociologiji 
My employee, Bev, did not pad her hours 
had a nice day with my husband. 
Waking up well rested 
got up and started my new morning routine, consisting of exercising my mind and body. 
my husband is supportive and went above and beyond to help build my blog, set up my desk area and set me up for success 
don't have to worry about my marriage--it is on solid ground and my husband is very supportive of me and my dreams. 
Living with a good friend. 
The Sun In The Sky 
My husband making a joke about potatoes 
God woke me to a beautiful lovely day. 
was able to finish organizing areas of my new apartment and feel really good about it 
the life i got. 
always have hope for tomorrow. 
breakfast with dad 
Décider de rester à la maison avec les garçons. 
Maxime a bien rangé ses vêtements au retour de la maison. 
I can think for myself and do not need a manager to supervise me. 
went to a yoga class and loved it 
un déjeuner avec mon chum chez Cora 
J'ai ecoute un bon film dans l'avion. 
The first thing to brighten my day was waking to my happy family and friends. 
Le sourire du pompiste. 
my good heart. 
Today talking to my boyfriend made me smile. 
Having my partner be supportive and understanding when I am not feeling my best. 
déjeuner au resto 
The bus driver was nice to me. 
my little sister Andrea. 
have a great capacity for reason and understanding. 
my baby girls smile& my little guy when he woke up 
My dogs coming over to the bed to wake me with wagging tails and kisses. 
finally "got" Evernote and started arranging things in it. 
finally got started with the HD copy! 
Good and plentiful food. 
woke up alive 
I woke up with feeling the Goad's blessing for a restful feeling. 
O acolhimento de bom dia do meu amor. 
cooked myself breakfast 
When i wake up and i'm able to see and appreciate what i can see, smell and listen....in a way; to be able to espress my self and to be independent so i don't need anyone to help for my personnal skills. 
B brought his workbooks from pre-school to share with me how proud he was about the effort he put on learning to write letters. 
Paco's warm greetings 
The first thing that brightened my day was my dog pete, he loves me no matter what !!!! 
Je suis reconnaissante d'avoir une belle fille en santé 
The First thing that brighten my day was , waking up to my door bell to find destiny at the door ready to go to karate class. 
I have Rachel as my best friend. 
took savannah to her ballet class, she is so beautiful inside and out. 
had a decent amount of sleep 
Having Breakfast with my family 
truly grateful for passing my psych quiz because I achieved my goal this week 
Jax 
The first thing that brightened my day was talking to Inez. 
I met Jen and went out of my comfort zone to join her and friends at the MK workshop 
realized I have more friends than I thought I just need to start contacting them 
my fiancé who understands my fears and is willing to support me. 
getting out of the house for a lil bit and going for a coffee 
My kids who love me no matter what 
tech news 
house is clean 
Great health 
Lové 
found this site!! 
working with warm wonderful loving Carolyn 
Rescuing a baby bird from the side of the rode and returning it to the wetlands that it had escaped from. 
talking to my youngest son this morning, cuddling 
Spencer and I have created a comfortable and stable live for ourselves together. 
Be with the family 
having a great family 
my next grand-child will be a boy. 
Les enfants ont joué ensemble aux Lego pendant une heure et demie, sans chicane et avec plaisir. 
Having my husband be there for me to listen and to hold me when I was having a hard time trying to get out of the depressed feelings I was having. 
Constant support and motivation from Daniel 
My son cuddling up to me this morning in bed! 
have four cats and a dog that I can play with. 
A super good and healthy smoothie i made for my breakfast 
J'ai marché 25 minutes, 1.1 km ce matin. 
The kids got on well today. 
Having a home. 
The first thing that brightened my day was poffy sealing my socks and l then playing with me. 
ce beau souper avec Patrice où on a été vrai et on a parlé de nos émotions 
J'ai jeûné et je me sens libre et légère. 
extremely grateful my boyfriend bought me winter tires because he wants me to be safe 
Having wonderful students 
bad Relationship 
woke up in my bed with no hangover. 
Seeing a monarch butterfly on tv that reminded of my mother. 
One thing that makes my life great is that I have an amazing family that genuinely loves and cares for each other. 
Jason sent me a picture of Nathan and Pooh bear and I am literally so excited to get back home and hug them. 
had a good time with my boyfriend and we played like children 
A special friend asked me to spend some one on one time. 
SeanSupportingMyBrother 
four amazing sons, a bright grandson and my beautiful daughter 'n law whom all love me dearly as I do them. 
Car needs fixing but I am grateful that a friend has let me use his. 
taking the time to clear the air about a situation with a friend. 
Having a home gym-went for a 5 K run while watching football game 
woke up at 10:30 rather than at noon or later 
walk the dog 
Me réveiller reposée. 
Kok-Hau pour notre relation 
le soleil lors de ma promenade hier 
La vaisselle faite par K-H 
Avoir un enfant 
My best friend sent me a text this afternoon, asking me how I was doing. 
My independence. 
was happy to see my sister 
get the chance to live everyday 
My student stopped by and told me about his trip to Azerbaijan. 
My cat was happy to see me when I got up. 
Helped guide son through homework 
Getting an internship 
1. 
my coffee 
seeing my dog run into the bathroom to say good morning 
My sisters 
My husband 
Karem, she is the best sister in the whole world and I love her more than my life. 
Warm home 
sarah stopping by my office 
when Ricky sent a text to ask about how i feel. 
took a hike with my son's dog. 
Que mon conjoint ait finalement accepté d'aller en ski, malgré la température. 
Met Daniel and Stephanie--Lynne's daughter and son-in-law and they seemed like good folks. 
Oh ! 
Happy to spend time with Nicole. 
the sandwich 
Victory #1 was receiving some late Xmas money to help alleviate my current financial strife. 
My husband says he loves me more than anyone else in the world. 
my mom motivates me to keep going to the gym. 
My friends love me and accept me 
survived the weekend 
Saying my morning prayers 
Walking down to the shops with my daughter. 
don't have to worry about being bullied at school anymore. 
My life with my girlfriend and our unborn child. 
I've got an awesome family and a sexy spouse. 
had a fun day today with Cadira- she's already talking and I am a good Mum. 
was able to speak with Sandee. 
Money to pay my Bills 
Taking Bella to nursery 
Watched premier of Girls 
Sophia 
La chose qui fait que ma vie est bonne est que lorsque je rentre à la maison, je me sens bien. 
J'ai fait ma première routine au complet. 
Dėkingas Gerdai ir Viliui, kad leidžia gyventi pas juos. 
Good coffe 
Im healthy. 
Sleeping with a friend in one-big bed 
when one of my friend wished me good luck for my exams 
my loving husband 
RodeoRoze, my 15 year old dog still has some rodeo in her.......she's my first girl dog, and has been the best dog a gal could ask for. 
Miriam and Janie. 
The relationship and positive interaction with my children. 
My fiancés support and unconditional love, his willingness to help me through my rough times and his patience when nothing seems to help. 
we had a tv to watch the golden globes on 
Having my oldest son home 
1. 
very grateful for the perfect result i got that is my desired result got A+ in Business Studies, A+ Economics, C in Accounting, A in General Paper and finally A in French Sub... I'm so happy and grateful Thank You Very Much :D 
was able to allow my mind to be still longer during meditation this morning, and Tristan made it to the bus stop on time! 
Richard sent me an invitation to participate in a puzzle hunt. 
It was a beautiful sunny morning. 
My parents went shopping and they didn't ask me to help, they saw that i needed rest after a day at school. 
called the heating guy to fix our heat. 
Going back to uni 
one step closer to closing a very lllllooonnnngggggg, grueling chapter in my book of life 
My mum was giving me big loves today about my meeting this afternoon. 
Yesterday Alex was cooking a wonderful dinner for us and prepared a different sauce just for me, 'cause I don't like cren! 
gratefoul for having people to love and love me 
The sunshine streaming through my bedroom window. 
My husband is always understanding and supportive, no matter what. 
waking up alive 
1. 
one thing that makes me happy is cooking and singing. 
having an amazing and big family. 
Kaisa told me that I look sweet. 
I have an income 
Aller faire du sport. 
Having an agape meal at our house with a friend who is moving out of the country. 
Seeing Ned, Emma, Justin, and other students for the first time in a month and them being glad to see me. 
Hailey got ready today and did not give me a hard time in the morning. 
family and friends 
The first thing that brighten up my day was lying in bed reading my emails on my tablet. 
Stick to my detox 
My mom and dad caring for me when I'm upset 
make a couscous, 
the girls came grocery shopping with me today. 
Being a dad to a great little girl that's so smart and wonderful. 
Francine Patenaude : liquide pour les yeux et jasette 
A understanding and kind boss 
having a smooth start at work. 
Able to help Autumn clean the garage 
The first thing that brightened my day was when my neighbour brought me back my dog. 
My Dog 
my amazingly insightful daughter. 
My husband cooking dinner! 
Kate was feeling better. 
called the hospital to let them know they billed me twice for some labs, and was expecting to jump through a lot of hoops to get that cleared up. 
I live in an apartment that pays for all the utilities, so I can use the heater without worrying about the bill. 
had a day off of practice. 
wonderful home. 
Bullet proof coffee buzz 
sasha brightened my day with her big smile 
Anna is patient with me when I'm feeling stressed out. 
not starving 
My cat 
Thank you dad for letting me sleep some more that morning by closing my bedroom door and lowering the volume when you was watching TV. 
Today VICTORY against PMS thanks to Asian Beauty Secrets's "Which foods to embrace / avoid during PMS!!" video who introduced Ginger Milk Tea and honey to relive cramps pain according to Chinese medecin. 
My friends 
Matt2. 
had put rangoli today morning for my house 
my wonderful boyfriend. 
My boyfriend madisonHe's so kind and sweet to me and puts up with me even when sometimes I'm in a bad mood. 
благодарен за свой кров 
Réception de la théière 
Friends helping me complete a job. 
The first thing that brightened my day was how much my daughter needs me in the morning. 
my husband, who supports me emotionally and loves me 
my son 
to have a wonderful partner that understands me and will do anything to make me happy. 
received a text message from my friend Chad inviting me to go bowling with his family. 
deeply thankful for the love and the emotional and economic support that my family has given to me so I can graduate from a great university. 
When I was sick -the varicocele- and I didn't know what was gonna happen and I was so scared about the future. 
Food. 
My girlfriend who is deployed took time at lunch to email me and tell me about her day and she missed and loved me 
This morning was so beautiful. 
A friend called to see how I was doing 
My sisters dog came for a visit. 
One of my students was asking me about her year paper 
HAVING GOD IN MY LIFE 
To wake up this morning. 
A beautiful sunny day! 
One thing that makes my life great is my creativity. 
Family 
my brother coming into my room to say Hi because this picked me up instantly and I really appreciate him wanting to spend time with me :). 
One thing that makes my life great: i have freedom to do what i want, even if i don't know what that is 
1. 
1. 
thankfully I have enough savings that I don't have to worry about money or moving for the time being. 
1. 
really can't 
woke up feeling more rested and feeling better than I have in several days. 
SHawn went to work 
Today I am grateful for dry roads even though it was so windy on the drive home. 
a kiss good morning from my husband 
to have heat that keeps me warm, because i'm miserable when i'm cold. 
My Sweet Little daughter, woke me up with her sweet little smile 
Marsha saying I've lost weight 
the freedom my husband gives me 
close friends who are accepting 
kids 
no wind storm and sunshine pleasant day 
was able to go to my class. 
Phoenix sleeping in my room. 
My husband and I went to breakfast together. 
Well....... 
mummy made a great meal for dinner, it was tasty. 
helped Matt find a hotel to come and see me. 
Having coffee 
Anna is always ready to listen. 
My finacee made me breakfast and brought it down to my work place. 
My children 
Glad to have a full week of clients! 
gratful for having a home 
my hair didn't look that bad today 
I get to spend a lot of time with my granddaughter and watch her grow 
My bank refunded my money 
dogs 
my family and that we are getting to a better place 
woke up next to my boyfriend this morning 
Job started without any hitches 
my son makes my life great 
WOKE UP AND I WAS BREATHING. 
Waking up 
I got the extra bed cleaned off and things put away in the closet. 
Our new home and so proud of my hubby who was able to buy his first home on just his income and credit 
have people on facebook that share fun things 
my 12 year old son 
My Friend Mike with a caring Kiss 
Drake licking my face to wake me up. 
my boys smiles 
god 
GRATEFUL FOR HAVING MY BFF AT WORK AND WE CAN GIGGLE AND SHARE FUNNIES THROUGHOUT THE DAY, 
taking the kids to school. 
a hug from a co worker 
MY FAMILY I HAVE AN AMAZING HUSBAND AND AMAZING CHILDREN 
I found a short cut to work to make my commute easier. 
Dad's surgery went well 
Chloe 
Steve 
having my partner tell me how great and creative my dinner was 
have Allison. 
What makes my life great to me is I strive to help others who suffer with mental health issues and addiction issues which have so invaded my life 
A warm morning to walk the dog 
My dog makes my life great. 
My Children 
Being complimented on my new hair cut 
My Dad! 
Having my family 
we had a problem when we ran out gas but, we got some although we had to wait a few hours 
A hug from my youngest son. 
My boyfriend cleaned my house and went shopping for me 
Jacob excitedly telling me something about his day. 
Waking up with the cats around me. 
roof over my head 
Waking up this morning 
so grateful for my husband's calmness. 
Have a coffee looking through the window. 
Got to the gym and meet someone new... 
my Husband who has been by my side for 27 years. 
Letting Cameron wait to be driven to school, so we could cuddle and watch cartoons and have breakfast at our leisure. 
Gracie 
live with my parents at the moment and I am very Grateful for them. 
Jess 
One on One Time with my husband 
don't have to deal with my crazy ex anymore. 
Sunshine 
life 
My son giggling 
Mark woke me up this morning when I slept in, he also went and got a key made for the car after I lost the VERY LAST ONE! 
helping take care of my grandson's & daughter & son in law 
my family and friends make my life great 
My husband drove me to work. 
I was able to work from home to study for my exams. 
Having a friend pick me up for a day of women's Bible study fellowship. 
I began cleaning up little things and that I finished the laundry 
My son. 
My Husband 
my animals who give my love regardless 
my job 
Received praise for a job well done 
Kat loving on me and sitting in my lap 
Percy 
got the kids off to school and they weren't late 
The first thing that brightened my day was snuggling with my dogs this morning and hearing Jeff snore. 
to help people 
my family woke up today 
Seeing an open position at Hand and Stone. 
being included in the action team for UH 
Eating well (vegan) 
When Michelle called me to work. 
Waking up and being alive 
went to mayo clinic, 
compliment from Jinger overheard at the PTA mtg 
today I was told my picture was pretty 
Family and Friends 
My cat princess was at the foot of my bed sleeping when i woke up. 
The basket of fresh fruit I got as a gift. 
friends that I can go places with, like lacrosse with Mel and Jay. 
spoke to my daughter 
my friends. 
got to snuggle with my daughter. 
wakeing up 
My babies 
a nice sunny day. 
a best friend of mine contacted me just to chat and wished I was there with her to shop at the many goodwill stores in Indy. 
We have enough food. 
had a day off so today i relaxed 
Waking up and my dear friend karen still with me , and i was able to hug her bye till i see her tomarrow 
walked in the snow without falling 
getting a doctors appointment the same day 
An old friend reached out to me today 
My husband 
My daughter who is in the Navy called and we talked for an hour 
A nice anniversary email from my boss. 
Students who seemed to enjoy me. 
WAKING UP 
My students are continuing to grow in their learning. 
having breakfast cooked for me 
my daughter and the joy that she brings to my life as well as the trials that she puts me through as I believe it makes me a stronger better mother for her. 
was able to finally put my curtains up, after wanting to do it for months, now. 
doing some thoughtful things for friends 
Breakfast for dinner 
my son and husband are home and safe. 
waking up to the sunshining 
got to leave work early and spend a quiet afternoon with the dogs. 
When I get to see my kids 
The weather was great going to quebec wich make it easier 
Jesus is my friend, and accepts me for who I am and forgives me when I fail. 
feel more in charge of my diet and health that I had before. 
Barb Swoope came by to visit me. 
1. 
Having enough time to do my artwork 
We were both able to stay within our points target for the day 
Selling a house. 
My boys. 
got up early, which broke my bad routine I got myself into. 
breakfast 
MY 14 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER 
started cleaning my room again today and I did laundry, got library books, and took my car in. 
1. 
have lifelong friends 
1. 
Taking a super hot shower to start the day. 
met someone who might help me find a job 
my husband getting the kids up this morning 
there were snow flurries and possible bad driving conditions we could stay home and make love. 
took a nap 
have a really great cat who is always a comfort. 
hearing from a job perspective 
my husband 
Spice cake I made 
My boss was in a good mood. 
Time with Mike 
Every time I looked at Davey he smiled at me like I was his favorite thing ever. 
Woke up in a better mood. 
boss thanked me 
My mom shared a funny video game post on my facebook. 
Tigger laying on my lap, looking all cute 
Victor 
had a nice conversation with Alayna on the ride to work 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting out of the house to take the kids to school. 
My friends 
Jonathan ate and liked my egg salad. 
was able to nap. 
Waking up seeing my babies faces. 
spring cleaned my house that I have been trying to do for a while. 
My dad calling to check on me. 
Students in my classes were eager to participate and learn about visual arguments. 
won spongebob and patrick backpacks for my daughter. 
Loved ones make my life worth living. 
Being able to sleep in because I was off today 
My daughter sent me an email saying she looks up to me and loves me 
Everyone is healthy now. 
I was able to have a half day. 
woke up refreshed at my best friends house. 
Playing Pacman with Cooper 
got treated with empathy at the lab when I went to take blood samples 
grand children 
car fixed 
My Son 
Hugs from my kids. 
No children in the hospital. 
1. 
coffee from my new coffee maker yum 
spending time with my son. 
now have a nicely furnished home. 
Living in a bad neighborhood. 
Mark, Jason, Justin 
knowing how to cook so I can make tasty food. 
have independence; I'm living on my own, no longer with my parents, and have more time to myself to focus on personal growth. 
weight loss 
seeing my pregnant belly 
A smile from my one of my girls 
Thankful that my Mom stocked the fridge and I could eat dinner for free. 
The first thing that brightened my day was the big hug that my 2 year old granddaughter greeted me with a big hug this morning when I awoke. 
the time I get to spend with my husband...I only get to see him on weekends and holidays so every moment I get to spend with him is special. 
had a full day off to myself 
my team meeting went well when I had a new associate start 
my son call me and told me that all his sisters and him with his wife and children are coming to spend the week end with me 
My husband david makes me very happy. 
My son giving me a hug "just because" 
My sound mind 
was there was no snow 
My cat was watching tv with me and jumped when a picture came on that moved off the screen quickly. 
went too local church and met some really nice people 
Hearing two little twin girls singing a song from the movie "Frozen" on the radio this morning. 
was grateful that I could help Karen move into her new studio and she was so grateful to have my help. 
the great opportunity I have to work with great people and a profession that makes me feel happy. 
thinking of my cup of coffee. 
Mindy, at work, caring about me- telling me that something was up/concerned. 
got a tip from a room I cleaned 
A great cup of coffe 
Today was my baby's birthday. 
I got the Christmas Tree taken down today and that my Husband helped me a little. 
WAKING UP NEXT TO MY HUBBY 
JOHN! 
Grateful for a long conversation with Janet. 
The first thing that brightened my day was being on time for work and having the time to pick up some coffee. 
the dishes were done. 
Practicing my violin and doing well while my daughter danced to the music, we laughed and had a good time. 
Got out of the house and had lunch with my sister while the boys got to play 
Gus makes me laugh and I love him. 
woke up healthy and breathing. 
my daughter 
my daughter calls to wish me good morning and happy day. 
Saw an old pal, Nisa. 
my home. 
friends who care about me 
a healthy family, wonderful loving husband and a beautiful house and neighborhood to live in. 
God 
Grateful that I am blessed enough to have a home. 
Finished school 
my children are my life I have raised them to be caring adults 
large snowflakes heavy snow melted away and the sun began shining 
My 2 boys 
Being able to go to the gym and take a class with people I like and connect with 
Waking up and being greeted by my little man. 
Having my mom rescue me from work. 
Having a great diner with my husband at Qinghua our favorite dumpling restaurant. 
work close to my daughter's school 
My kids, they are my salvation. 
a flexible schedule. 
never have to worry about where my next meal is coming from. 
1. 
playing with my son before he went to school. 
my God is a forgiving God and that His grace is new every morning. 
was positive this morning and remembered to thank God for the good things in my life. 
Ruby had her puppies. 
im in a position that I can take care of my mother at home instead of her being in a nursing home . 
great boss and co-workers 
parents because they help me 
very grateful for my goofy husband. 
The unyeilding love of my family makes me happy. 
I only needed one armload of firewood today. 
Warm sunny Day 
my husband love me "even though" 
woke up 
finally started to create the database I kept talking about for the last two years and spent good 3 hrs on it. 
Back on track with school after long winter break. 
had a text from my boyfriend this morning saying he loved me. 
having a hug 
how caring and loving my husband is. 
feeling comfy on my warm bed 
Cuddling on the couch with my kids, watching "Brother Bear" on dvr. 
Being with my family, as surprising as it was, my brother, sister and mother where pleasant. 
the animals that are in my life. 
Seeing the great team in Mountain View 
phone call 
Tom made me chicken nuggets 
Getting to work on time 
majorly bloated 
My friend's girlfriend talking about Loki 
My children saved my life. 
got out of bed today 
first thing that brightened my day was the gorgeous beautiful weather! 
Shop Manager asked for my opinion on equipment rentals. 
THE SUN WAS OUT. 
Steve went to store ,cooked dinner , and smiled my son cleaned out the frig and bathed the dog 
Snacks were good this morning. 
A phone call to check up 
I have a job. 
When hubby and I having fun together without talk of work, bills, kids problems, and money problems 
my children. 
The chance to go to work and then come home. 
Waking up next to Alex 
my wonderful daughters 
Eleora doing her chores 
Mike called and said goodmorning. 
an amazing house that I share with amazing people. 
My son waking up with his alarm. 
to be able to work at home 
My loving and supportive family. 
cooper 
snap chat from my daughter 
It was a beautiful day. 
my children. 
nothing 
Seth called 
nothing 
It's not snowing or raining outside 
Today I am grateful for the peace and quiet I had on my day off from work and for being able to finish housework at my pace. 
Paying my bills. 
got to sleep extra this morning while chuck got our boy off to school. 
Danielle's forgiveness of my wrongs to her. 
don't have to worry about my car dying. 
Waking up and thanking God for another day of life 
Alicen is happy with Adan. 
watching my son facetime with his cousin 
God gave me the ability to be able to buy a piece of coffee cake for my mom and a gift for the pastor. 
our home and our neighborhood. 
That Eric believes in my business and can stay home with the kids 
my boyfriend {well he's my family} 
everyday that I get to spend with my mom. 
Husband made me a sandwich when I was starving 
to have companionship from Baby Foof everyday. 
My heat being fixed in my car! 
talking to my son on the phone 
Was helpful to Orin 
Danny, took the time, to thank me in an email, for trying to help him resolve a problem he has with his internet. 
exercised and pushed myself 
My plumbing has been messing up for a month and it got fixed today, I am very grateful for this. 
My daughters seem more relaxed/friendly/social today eventhough we had a rough start 
husband's ex-step mom 
my desk wasn't buried 
completing my gym time 
Added a monthly 
feeling less pain in my back & having my honey kiss me & say have a great day... 
my dogs 
Having a friend come over for a while. 
Getting a little bit of rest last night. 
my dog 
got my house in order. 
My new coffee mug kept my coffee hot for over 3 hours. 
my pet 
When the manager from Seattle Center, who is new to our district remembered me, and told me not to stress- that she knew exactly what I was talking about a few weeks ago- when Tammy made me cried at the meeting.. and how that was uncalled for. 
My sister and her fiancée had dinner with us. 
My son. 
I got to go to college and to learn new things in my life and I have people telling me that they want to see me be a open and honest in my class. 
Working on editing video, music project, made me feel creative and closer to being finished for the deadline 
today as a whole, waking up and given another chance to right my wrongs 
GrateFul To Almighty Allah . 
EVERYTHING AT HOME IS OK HEALTH AND MONEY .MY CAR IS REGISTER AND ABLE TO DRIVE 
My childrens 
Claudette said I am amazing 
The first thing that brightened my day was that my Husband was able to get rid of my hiccups and that he came home from work early and we were able to spend time together!! 
My interview went really well for the naturopathy course and I was accepted. 
The excitement of going away 
Hugging friends 
My children and a cuddle when we all wake up. 
my daughter 
greetings from my dogs when i woke up 
was able to borrow money to cover phone & internet 
Estou grata pelo milagre da vida! 
Kreider stopping by and discussing my trip thoughtfully. 
My son makes my life unbelievably great. 
so grateful for the conversation that Tomer and I had last night and the quality time we spent together! 
waking up healthy , 
got an email from my sister saying that she was interested in starting some sort of business venture with me involving computer science. 
My two little boys jumping into my bed. 
Het prettige gesprek met Leo over zijn gesprek op zijn werk. 
Getting my guitar delivered 
my not so good friend helped me to understand the concepts and really i appreciate that 
Waking up early to relax 
My recently painted white walls 
my kids 
freedom 
Big step for marriage equality. 
Dashing Bee 60% off 
My husband helped me this morning by bring the kids to school. 
Job interview 
life 
Watching an awesome movie that I really enjoyed, also Teresa and Terri had made cookies and bought pop corn. 
my son health 
was able to close a deal for a client. 
The alarm clock woke me up, meaning I didn't wake up too early and had enough sleep. 
My dogs greeting me every day 
My dogs greeting me when I come home from school every day 
1. 
Je remercie ma mère de faire des repas végétariens alors que je suis la seule végé de la famille. 
Catching up w / peggy 
Had a slow start to the day 
working with people I like 
very thankful for my wife, she does so much and works so hard. 
Food at home to cook and eatMy daughter seeing her everyday after work 
Df working well, making money do easily. 
got to meet up with my dad for awhile 
the time I spend getting PK ready in the morning, I like the routine and talking to him. 
had a lunch date with Cindy. 
1. 
my family 
My puppy waking me up. 
Knowing that I have people who love and support me through the good times and (especially) through the bad. 
woke up early enough to shower and get to work before 7am. 
the heatwave this week, I loved the fact that it rained for a few minutes just after midnight... 
met with Tim for breakfast. 
Today I put the tree platform back into its "table" position on a stool and I was so happy with how it came out. 
My set of Outlander books makes me happy because all those words are available to me at any time I am home. 
married to the love of my life. 
it all disappeared. 
Today is our anniversary and I must say that I have been exceedingly lucky to have the boy I married become the man I am still in love with. 
got to spend time reading Outlander, which brings me to part 2 of this particular gratitude - I am so grateful for the spectacular works of Diana Gabaldon. 
My husband, son and family 
My son told me I did not look my age 
a patient said: "Thanks for being kind to me yesterday". 
My family, because is where I draw my strength and felling of wholeness 
boys having a laugh together 
compliments 
got up early and exercised 
Looking at pictures of my granddaughter 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my mom who has miraculously survived 3 life altering if not bringing death illnesses come through my door earlier than expected... 
Working out this morning 
Having my book order ready for pick up at the school book store. 
My skills 
Waking up to the sunshine 
to have a job as a manager 
made it though the work day without being told how I had fallen short. 
when kenna asked me to go to lunch 
got police blotters for upcoming court case. 
waking up not exhausted to my beautiful baby boy and his sisters 
was very thankful for my husband's help picking up around the house today. 
don't have to stress about my thesis anymore! 
Watson was easy to deal with because she was playing with Hope. 
watching a great documentary 
I have lived almost a year in my new normal 
Brecken wanting to cuddle me 
getting the morning off from work to spend it however I pleased 
David laughing with me 
Jarred being so sweet towards me, saying I have the perfect body. 
managed to open my eyes at 6am...I heard the alarm and woke up on my own 
thanful for my tita mayet 
was up on time to start my day. 
A lovely txt from Paul to say what a great evening out together and how stunning I looked. 
fresh air 
finally in my life a have a real long lasting relationship with the most best, and beautiful man in the world! 
Waking up fresh which I'm missing now the days. 
A postive message from Ellie with helpful links. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my daughters smile 
Finding this website 
The traffic on the way into work today was virtually non existent. 
My ex husband - no more stress of him playing around and constant arguments 
The weather was really good for once, it's been so awful the last few weeks that it was nice to see the sun, even though it was chilly. 
Elissa - grand daughter 
might be unwell but there are still a lot more people worse off than me. 
Successfully navigating to Cleveland 
talking with my roomates, they are supportive when i need it 
healthy 
My husband told me I looked really nice today. 
The first thing that brightened up my day was my nice cup of coffee 
Today, I searched for beauty and found it by creating an album on Facebook to share photos of birds in South Texas I recently added to my life list. 
my children are growing into well rounded, balanced and respectful young adults. 
I went to bed early finally; that I got Austin & Val's framed photo hanging by my desk; that I got the heavy, heavy door from the office up the steps by myself to the attic; that I tried a few suggestions from Netflix. 
My life is great because I am not pressured to achieve anything but have been guided so well to know in myself that I must achieve a lot. 
I have work to keep my mind engaged and active 
Prayer 
I don't have trouble sleeing any more. 
was able to take a nap yesterday when I went home not feeling well. 
Today I am grateful that I made the phone calls that were giving me anxiety. 
my husband works on a farm. 
1. 
My friend came over and we connected again. 
a beautiful peaceful home that is a retreat for us and a place to welcome guests. 
Family 
Getting up early and having time to read. 
Spending time with my son. 
Sleeping until after six. 
to wake up In good health and have the opportunity to choose what activities I will participate in today. 
don't have to worry about money which is amazing because I've worked so hard all my life and it's certainly paying off now. 
Traveling, Enjoying quality family time, Reading good books, 
Facebook posts from friends 
walked in the woods. 
applied for an internship in NY that would be the foot in the door to my dream job. 
got a chance to just relax. 
it when Joe and I have conversations after school. 
Ayla's snuggles and her little voice that says "Mommy, can you help me?" 
A smile from my nephew 
Having a roof over my head that has everything it needs in it. 
Gandalf gave me her bus pass 
That my partner grocery shops!!!! 
don't have to worry about lance not wanting to marry me and have children with me. 
Having indigo at school today 
My ukulele. 
my son made me coffee 
Sunshine! 
Had a day out on a training course - a wee jolly! 
Ian is healthy and his lumps are not cancer 
Child retelling story aloud in PDR, that we'd been learning this week 
Someone thanked me for the work I did for them without being asked. 
don't have to worry about my grandmother living alone and getting hurt/lost/dying without someone knowing. 
the dryer vent contraption i created helped dry the clothes within a normal range of time. 
Kurt loves me and shows his love in lots of practical ways. 
meeting up with Gill 
Lounging with Nick before finally getting out of bed. 
playing with the neighbourhoods dog before going to work 
Seeing Captain William again 
Going for a walk on my lunch break 
orange tree, tv, cooker 
cleaned the entire downstairs and it's pretty much staying that way 
when I walked in this morning Anna took time out of her day to talk with me and ask how I was doing. 
the fact that my wife is no longer burdened by legal trouble and that a bit of our stress has managed to lift itself. 
The first thing that brigthened my day today was waking up and feeling well. 
I've cooked delicious cake for my family 
Great family. 
Seeing that Scott wanted to drive up to see me Sunday, even though he would be coming from Portland. 
got new glasses, and I actually like how I look in them! 
my kitty, Bailey. 
Mom set out water to help me with my water goal. 
Snowy was really pleased to see me this and yesterday morning. 
to know that while I do over-stress at times, there are very many empowering moments I feel as well, especially when my focus is sharp. 
used to have a bad relationship with both my parents. 
The first thing that brightened the day was the fact that my teaching class with my secondary three students went well. 
safely getting home after nearly wrecking on icy road 
sleeping in late 
Had drinks with good neighbors. 
Breakfast with my family at the Ferral Pig 
La temperature clemente d'aujourd'hui me rend heureuse. 
to have a supportive supervisor. 
anal 
the woman at the storage unit will work with me on my overdue bill 
text form my long lost dear friend who I hardly talk to 
compliment on my hair 
A friend loaned me much needed money for an attorney. 
Connecting with Kristina and Mike, felt like they were nice to me 
My amazing boyfriend simon, who loves me no matter my moods. 
speaking lovingly to my husband 
had a week day off. 
I have my mom here with me. 
The first thing that brightened my day was I found an extra rug in the shed that I can decorate my room with. 
was thinking of going to Cole's house this weekend, and getting away from the city for a while. 
seeing jojo was online 
Nothing 
It was my birthday and my family and our neighbors serenade and gave me flowers and also candles. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I got a text before I woke up asking if I wanted to hangout. 
Spending time with my parents 
A cup of coffee 
Steve rode to NJ with me to get my plates 
When my dogs came home and they jumped all over me in bed 
so thankful that my son has allowed me to live with him since the death of my husband. 
having a roof over my head 
got a job interview. 
My son cheering me on as I did my CrossFit Workout. 
Rita agreed to meet with me 
think of getti ng rid of negativity from my life. 
Compliments on my tights 
having wonderful loving family 
I have a house large enough for a place for everything with a yard and trees 
The sunbed 
Tamara's vrolijkheid en geknuffel 
Waking up with Chris. 
Free lunch with boss at a very relaxing place. 
know longer have to worry about sharing a space with someone who doesn't get me or respect my boundaries.I get to call the shots on what goes on in my haven (home)It's quiet and safe where I live. 
woke up in my space at peace. 
getting help with health insurance and not having to worry about taxes for next year. 
woke up early and my body cooperated with me. 
got a call from my college pal. 
finished little pending work 
Faux orchestra 
my children. 
When my unit was under attack in Afghanistan. 
my children, without them I dont think I would be able to get up every day. 
kom iväg till gympanjobbade på ordentligt.hade 
Making a meal 
Hearing my sister is defo coming home for my birthday weekend. 
my day has just started i think ill start with yesterday. 
Books 
1. 
My spirituality and Heath (Running) 
being married, although crappy times have come, i love my husband and he is there fo rme 
have a job that allows me to pay my bills and provides me a decent standard of living. 
my friend reena 
had food in my fridge 
Preaching with Simon. 
nothing 
Kiss from my boyfriend in the kitchen 
My mom... 
The Sun is shining! 
got to do booth instead of cleaning 
-message from someone helping me and connecting with me/ actually seemed to be listening to what I was Really saying 
-calmed myself down before a job interview, thought more about what I would say and I felt better and hopefully did better 
Pierre Emmanuel 
Had a 5days Novena for Sto. 
A heater 
1. 
My mammogram came back with great results. 
1. 
have a lot to offer this world. 
Grateful for spending winter in Florida 
Finding the beauty around me. 
The sun came out. 
Making the effort to go to the gym, and once there meeting up with Mike, and chatting whilst exercising. 
gfhgh 
Thankful everyone is safe and healthy 
Got a text from Rachel and Alexis asking to connect and have dinner next weekend! 
enjoyed talking to the receptionist after my physio appointment. 
Got my health report and it was all positive -yay! 
Keith has taken to cooking as a hobby. 
The first stress I don't have to worry about for a while is that my daughter is still employed and has renewed her lease with her flat mates. 
french press coffee and leftover MX food from last night's restaurant dinner 
morning cuddle 
was understanding more about the challenging project to consolidate three databases. 
do not have to worry about moving. 
Sitting with Carlos 
Jeff's warmth 
my moms cooking 
helping my mum and nana to change their lives and seeing the difference 
Waking up 
Waking up 
Got compliments co worker 
Quand mes enfants m'aident spontanément 
My son. 
a supportive family even if sometimes they are overbearing 
Loving, considerate wife 
the way I live today. 
People told me I looked cute at work 
free lunch 
Dogs and Munnks 
G's printer 
Being white and privileged? 
That i have a healthy place to live 
woke up early in the morning for a change despite it being the weekend. 
was super happy when i took care of my boyfriend even for just minutes. 
I spoke up in class about my math teacher repeating the analogy he gave! 
have a wonderful loving husband 
Have collegues that support me. 
Olivia 
gave a tea gift basket to my friend at work who also suffers from stress and it seemed to help her. 
My family 
Got the chores done 
Mon condo est beau. 
took a shower-showers give me energy and wake me up right away...it's early in the day 
had a coversation with someone that i used to think that i would never interact with, it was cool. 
my 2 cats 
my two dogs who get really excited when I get home it doesn't matter the time. 
My family, my wife and my dogs 
Climbing went well, enjoyed the yellow routes so much 
made mayonnaise. 
met with C for a very pleasant lunch. 
seeing choupi this morning 
have my own house, I place that's is mine. 
my children. 
People were polite on the road. 
My delivery package came very early , that had my jumper and a pair of leggings that I really wanted. 
My ability to communicate effectively, kindly, compassionately, and sometimes humorously with others. 
My rabbit grunted at me because I had grapes...so I gave her a few 
jess coming to me with open arms 
The snow falling outside and L. said it looked like feathers. 
just to have a roof over my head. 
J'ai eu une conversation avec un inconnu sans trop de difficulté 
Children 
Love 
I went to work 
Well not much at this time ! 
my sister 
my amazing cousin, shes always been there for me when ever I needed her. 
Un bon café 
The love of my son 
Coming home and taking a hot shower 
Waking up to the smell of coffee prepared by my husband! 
julians attitude was pleasant most of the day 
stressed about finding love till i found my wife 
football 
Having a great mom 
my supportive friends. 
Today was a better day because I felt in my spirit that things are going to get better, and I actually believe this. 
Today I worked on a fashion line I am creating and I finished my women's line of active wear. 
made an awesome breakfast 
I get the chance to be there for my brother and sister. 
Today Saturday: I am really grateful that Winfred let me sleep so much, I woke up on my own at 2pm I was so tired ! 
when right in the morning my kid came and hugged me 
Getting a cheap warrant of fitness 
My computer worked with barely any trouble today and they are new installs from the weekend 
got given a cup of tea in bed 
got to sleep for a long time. 
Seeing my dogs 
I have three cats and two of them are healthy 
Having lunch with Heather. 
My husband has been really supportive of my current situation. 
Je dis merci à Chloé d'avoir nettoyer la neige sur la van pour moi. 
being able to provide for my family 
Marcher dans un parc magnifique au soleil 
the first thing that brightened my day was having quiet time alone in the morning, made pretty good progress on my homework. 
No worries 
La belle neige 
to see my mom by skype and that she was abel to chat with me for long; I am thankful that she is able now to move her hand even a little bit. 
My mom baked a banana bread 
have a wonderful, loving family. 
Time to organize my life. 
Thanks to my grandmother who was thoughtful enough to buy the healthy foods I was talking about. 
was lucky enough to hear Becca's breathing on the phone when she fell back asleep. 
usually sleep really late on weekends but got up relatively early (was about to go back to bed after going to bathroom but decided not to) 
to my director for the trust to take my colleeague from Belgrade at a bussines lunch. 
so grateful to have my two beautiful, wonderful, intelligent, funny, helpful and kind children. 
my children are healthy. 
great kids 
Time in the morning with my kids. 
Tasty cake made by my wife 
Hugging Min and cuddling as she laughed early this morning! 
Waking up to my beautiful family 
My kids and spouse are healthy and thriving 
have a partner who supports me and my father is here with us 
Talking to Hakan - catching up with a friend. 
The sun was shining when I awoke. 
got a smile from my goddaughter 
This morning I was able to go swimming and get some much needed exercise, which gave me a sense of achievement and helped relax my body and mind. 
My colleague made me laugh 
live in a good community and attend a great college. 
The first thing that brightened my day was when Patrick called me on his break at work. 
finished my math quiz and homework as planned 
My bf kissing me goodbye 
Chasing my son around the house with wet hands. 
J'ai avancé dans mon devoir d'histoire 
The first good thing I made happen was...1.-Wake 
relly grateful for my family, they are make a party for my graduation, and thank to allah that I finished my bachelor with a great regard "A+" that relly good thing. 
I found this website by accident and that I'm contributing and considering the value of what I am doing. 
Was a good cup of coffee and worship on TV 
Cup of tea in bed 
Getting to sleep in baby free while Matt took Jasper for a walk 
La mejoría en la visión de Melissa. 
made peanut butter cookies that were good 
Snow 
my health 
Zachary came over for a visit. 
Going to brunch with angie 
the way people treat me 
Being able to sleep in and not be on any time schedule. 
my daughter 
got an text message from Jordi telling me that he arrived safely in Michigan 
andrews message 
مهربانی میم و این‌که برای من ناهار و شام درست کرده بود. 
My daughter 
to have a roof over my head and food available. 
A good meditation session 
The smile of my son... 
To think of my blessings 
have a job. 
To listen music 
Horia 
Marian, for excepting me the why I am , sustain me , being patient with me 
saw Maxime, we had a good chat and she helped me a lot with purchasing a suitcase. 
My wife takes care of my kid very well. 
didn't crush my car on vci. 
My bed 
My Boyfriend helps around the flat a lot. 
Greatfull for Paul being very caring and always there, as well as being able to make me smile 
first thing that brightened my day was when my school friend visited me. 
my cat Blinky :) 
Having the family over for Megans birthday. 
Having children 
Katherine and Allison helped me celebrate my birthday last night by going to the movies, giving me gifts, going to dinner, and making me a cake. 
enjoy spending time with my family and friends 
My reheated oatmeal from yesterday tasted good so I didn't have to make breakfast or waste the food. 
having seen pheli 
managed to have a nice coffee break with my beloved friend before she left for a 2 month trip 
my sense of independence, I have never been insecure about having to be with someone. 
My health. 
Sunny winter evenings with my husband 
When people take away something from the stories I write. 
1. 
My daughter was with me during the day 
To the the opportunity to be a part of a team and get to know so many different personalities and individuals. 
When I got to talk with my cousins on Facebook and remembered I'm not alone in this storm and that I and my loved ones are safe. 
working with young children 
Tengo comida y un lugar para vivir 
very happy to joined a happify .its 
Little conversation 
My son smiling and give the Ipad back to my daughter 
waking up to my dogs giving me kisses 
Promenade avec mon chien 
Getting a morning greeting from my dogs. 
to have a roof over my head, a nice warm bed to sleep on, food in my refrigerator, and clothing to wear every day. 
Organizing our bedroom 
Chris washing his plate last night 
Je suis reconnaissante d'avoir Louis dans ma vie depuis plus de 10 ans. 
Getting the early train.. 
My dog Jessie saying hello to me 
got my exercising in and had a healthy breakfast 
The weather, it is really nice outside and it felt good to jog in it. 
all the words of wisdom and support for cin. 
my animals 
A cuddle from my fiancé. 
My daughter 
Thankful for movie night with the family 
My mom always getting me what I need when I don't have it 
Laughing 
Seeing Danny next to me 
Going on a fun long run 
not having to work or take my son to school and sleeping in with him! 
coffee was made 
Washing my hair 
got to see my grandkids and my daughter. 
So grateful for the success of the weekend's parties. 
Gus my bunny 
6 Hours on the road during the snow storm without getting angry taking deep breathes 
made a delicious breakfast of eggs and oatmeal. 
we had a great meeting with Brian and he is going to work for the family business 
The great night of sleep I got (even though the dreams I had were strange). 
Short work hours (10 hrs. a week) that are early and get me home before dark. 
actually slept some 
My only scheduled work interview was rescheduled. 
to have a relationship with the living Lord.I know He is there at all times. 
Being out of school. 
Waking up next to my husband and thanking god for having Eric in my life. 
aidan woke up smiley and cuddley 
time with my son 
Was able to spend time yesterday and today with my oldest daughter Sara. 
My children are my greatest blessings. 
My Children 
My granddaughter climbing in bed with me to wake me up asking can I snug up with you 
got my kitchen cleaned and reorganized. 
the home my sister has provided. 
I have a job 
taking a walk with my dog this morning while it was snowing. 
the gift of eyesight 
Today is my birthday. 
my life and my children iam grateful that i feel at peace 
sipping my cup of coffee and having a cigarette. 
When my husband helps with dinner. 
Our neighbor surprised us by snow plowing our driveway and shoveling during the snowstorm. 
Quand j'ai reçu le courriel de Jocelyne, j'étais contente qu'elle prenne l'initiative de me contacter, en espagnol en plus 
my kids 
trying to save money by not having a trash service and I am really grateful my mom picked up my trash today to get rid of it for me. 
my family 
My dog 
I was able to be home with the kids on their day off 
Shawn. 
getting one step done to expand my buisness 
Talking to two of my old friends on the phone 
had the day off 
my time with my grandson 
My boss offering to give an advance on day care so I could come to work. 
My marriage is solid and my husband loves and respects me. 
Getting up and going to the gym 
My husband and I watch tv together 
My relationship with my husband is amazing right now. 
Reliable transportation!!! I've not always had a vehicle that I knew would start each morning, or gave me enough confidence to take a 50 mile trip without praying I could make it there and back without a breakdown. 
Bought tickets to go see mom and dad 
my coworkers 
I woke up this morning. 
sang really good today 
Waking up 
Puppy naps 
the house, or the roof over my head 
Spending extra time with Isaac 
5:00 and i got to go home 
talking to a co-worker about his week off 
co workers liked muffins i brought in 
My kitty snuggling up to me. 
Tim not being in the office breathing down my neck about 
Had a great workout 
Renee from Aureus helping me with the online job application 
taking a shower 
Waking up to Lane 
Faith in God 
took the day off a few weeks back. 
waking up to see the sun shinning & the birds chirping at the bird feeders 
an enjoyable afternoon with Emma. 
get to work from home. 
We own our land and home 
healthy children 
was seeing my good friend darren , who seems to think ive got it all together . 
Dennis always looks out for me. 
my husband. 
Waking up 
Have a place to live 
My dog is there and waits for me to wake up. 
woke up and spent a little bit of time with danny cooked him breakfast, love his smile always make's me smile.... 
Snuggly loves with my kitty this morning. 
Ed came in and hugged me even though we had fought all day yesterday 
sunshine 
Going to work for a few minutes. 
all of my children slept until the sun was up this morning. 
Helping cyndi sew pants 
dyed my hair purple today. 
Finding out my friend had gotten an Amazon Prime account, so I'd be able to watch more Doctor Who. 
last week two of my bosses acknowledged the work that I had been doing 
quiet peaceful day to self 
Joking around with Mr. Stanley this morning on the way to the shop. 
a good friend that I work with. 
Grateful for Jen and the day/laughs we had. 
The plumbing is fixed and it didn't cost too much. 
Mary stopped by for a visit this weekend. 
to have Jesus Christ in my life! 
Thankful that I had a pretty good report from the doctor 
I have a son that is healthy and loves me. 
Snow White is having her puppies, 
My dish is on the menu, looks and tastes great, and I sold one today. 
accomplished preparing 10 frozen meals. 
1. 
Talking to my husband over the phone while he's away on business 
a kale smoothie 
got to spend some time with my adult son 
shared some quality time with my kids. 
The first thing that brightened my day was being able to stay in bed because it was a holiday. 
there are 2 people I can share a little with at work 
got up and went to work 
My husband took the kids to a movie I do not wish to see. 
The first thing I am grateful for is my adorable little apartment. 
my recovery with God being the center of my life. 
Talking to a old friend. 
love 
was able to get all the laundry done 
My middle son took out the garbage and brought back the empty cans without being told to.Kids did not make a mess out of the house while I was at . 
i was able to speed time with my niece and nephew today i haven't been able to for a while 
The sun was shining when I went to work. 
the people that are in my life right now! 
1. 
have a part time job right now, so i don't have to worry about doing as much john work. 
frank 
When my husband is in a positive mood; we cook and share dinner together; we spend the evening talking, future-focused and constructive, and go to bed, still talking until we fall asleep. 
having the girls get up for school when i told them 
Going skiing with Zach 
My children. 
When my nephew died. 
Today was a Sunday so I had the day off. 
My kids 
worked out 
no work no appts no kids 
Tony is always there for me and truly cares and loves me. 
I was saying goodbye to my son, he held out his arms and motioned for me to hug him. 
Nothing 
my little cat Breeanna who is sucha cuddle monster or can turn into a super terror tornado destroying everything in her path. 
Great house and live in the USA 
Dr.campbell always makes me happy.She is so nice and cheerful to me. 
my daughter and her caring personality. 
tonight, I didn't have a headache and I was able to really engage with my family and have fun. 
my son's happiness and good health. 
A phone call from Crystal 
Getting a sweet txt from my hubby. 
my sons and their joyful dancing, and unconditional love for me and their dad, even when we're not having the best of days. 
A lot of wonderful people care about me and my heart is full. 
having my dad clean my kitchen 
Being healthy - I'm thankful for my family's and personal health... health is something that money can't buy 
charlie doing our taxes. 
my home is paid off. 
Getting that long happy anniversary text from my mate this morning. 
got a lot of compliments on my outfit today. 
Seeing my grandkids 
my headache wasnt so bad today 
my dogs who always want to cuddle me 
My pets have shown me true unconditional love. 
the first thing to brighten my day was singing songs with my kids 
talking to my parents on the phone 
really great cup of coffee. 
My mom did my laundry for me today! 
I have any kind of job and am making money. 
Vampire Acedemy won against Godzilla in the mtv brawl. 
Living after cancer and seeing my kids grow. 
the walk with Emily around Holmes Lake. 
1. 
Saw my Son and his friends for dinner 
The music I listen to makes my life great. 
Reconnecting with an old friend - Janet 
my cat. 
My Son 
Seeing my daughter and my boyfriend 
Jamey said that she was sending me a surprise. 
my husband let me go to wal-mart with him 
Scrappy kisses 
Took action! 
Had a cup of tea this morning! 
watched a couple of good movies. 
was able to get my car's new windshield 
Waking up to my hubby being home. 
when my dogs come to me for love 
Ryan and I had a calm day together. 
School - taking a break from the stress and deadlines. 
When my dog Sis jumped up on the bed to greet me with her morning love 
Having dinner with Jenny Rozzell 
My daughter wanting affection from mom this morning 
My hubby spooning with me just as i was waking up 
phyliss was able to take me to Greensburg for my apt .. 
Doing well on the scale this week. 
my children 
was able to wake up. 
Sleeping in late next to the woman I love 
Healthy 
my kids they make me so happy 
my kids 
Meeting with my friend Emily for lunch. 
being at home 
Pharun had the day off. 
my daughter smiles this amazing beautiful smile at me as soon as i came home from work, every day!, tugs on my heart strings! 
sherlock 
my quiet time in the morning. 
got to sleep in and relax in bed with my kitty. 
We made it through the grocery store without to much trouble, and no wait to checkout. 
so blessed with three kids and they have give me 6 grand kids 
Donnie mopped the floors, still needs me to talk too 
My kittens - they always make me smile! 
Susan's happy face. 
woke up healthy 
saber 
taking a walk in the snow and sun 
my son -Malyki 
My kids 
Surprise lunch with Lila. 
Playing with Peanut 
Finishing Megans room and seeing her happy. 
The first thing that brigtened my day was waking up to ryan trying to take care of me 
Finished my insurance paperwork and got it mailed off. 
The sunrise 
woke up and there were two messages from pat on my phone 
Elise 
1. 
wasn't late for work and didn't feel rushed getting ready for my meeting 
flu I have a job where I am surrounded by art. 
my roof is in top notch and installed correctly. 
My MIL brought dinner home so I don't have to cook nor do I have to buy dinner. 
Kids had no school so we didn't have to get up early, fight about homework or anything like that. 
No dating! 
Awaking 
Sunshine 
had yummy dinner. 
An open relationship with my parents 
My cats 
Not being single 
It was a beautiful day yesterday, nice and warm 
time 
forgot my husband was off today for MLK Day, so I was happy to wake up and he was home. 
tackled getting the living room completely spring cleaned. 
my animals 
The sun was shining and it was 65 degrees today. 
hugs from my dog 
have a home , car, job and savings 
The first thing that brightened my was having a small but fun interaction with the UPS guy. 
Having my sanctuary where I can be completely myself with no negative influences filled with my favorite things 
health issues 
The first good thing I made happen was going to group today even though I didn't want to. 
Seeing Nicole come back to my house and bring me to her home. 
Love 
Going to lunch with friends 
got up earlier and cooked aloo matar sabzi that was delicious! 
woke up to my pumpkin, feeling rested 
Princessa and Cruizer 
felt like getting some things done around the house today. 
Healthy kids 
Playing with Lundyn 
Seeing my son playing in ways he hadn't before. 
my kids cleaned up the dishes and put them in the dishwasher. 
asking my mom about going to chattanooga 
watched a great episode of Sherlock 
Being able to provide for my family 
Realizing we really are going to the super bowl 
Feeling well enough to go to workGot a lot doneHelped co worker 
a warm, safe home. 
My car to get me where I need to go on a moments notice 
My daughters (Autumn &Katie), played a few games with me. 
None of my parents cancelled on me! 
Waking up with the motivation to work out. 
My family and my boyfriend 
My family's love for me 
The cats outside 
my husband and i took our three grandkids to the park by ourselves 
My kids 
getting the oil changed in my car and having the radiator flushed so i can quit worrying about the engine blowing up. 
my husband 
My Family 
Health 
I have a warm home in this sub zero weather. 
When I saw that my was able to make it to work today 
most of the ppl i work with work as a team 
Sleep a lot longer due to not going to work today. 
One thing that makes my life great is my husband and kids. 
Skyped with Mimsy and Poppie about upcoming visit; they can't wait for me to come help them. 
Public speaking -- deep breaths, make eye contact, prepare thoroughly ahead of time 
Ability to set my schedule as I need to in order to fit in the important pieces (writing, volunteering, family time, exercise, etc.) 
Saw random lowered Del Sol on the way to my parents house. 
was thankful my husband got the dishes done and took care of some laundry. 
family 
Not having to wake up with an alarm clock 
my 3 wonderful fur babies 
really enjoy the people I work with and the patients I care for. 
don't have to worry about anyone in my families health, we are all healthy and thriving, out side of a few pangs of over 40, life is still good physically. 
My kids 
have 3 children and a great boyfriend 
weed 
Raina 
Made a friend feel better when they were down. 
to work Patrice. 
was sewing on my rag time quilt 
don't 
Getting to take my time early this morning and drink my cup of coffee, 
Son went and got parking stickers for us. 
to have my husband Tim in my life. 
my sons beautiful faces 
rested 
A shower 
making cookies with the girls 
Good friends 
Duane working late 
Having a home I can afford. 
l woke up this morning 
Being able to get that annoying alarm to stop chirping 
A good husband who cares for me and loves me unconditionally 
went to the gym 
my boss did not hire someone that didn't fit the position 
warm house 
Hearing lily laugh makes me happy. 
Call from Saucie. 
got to take a nap today with no problems. 
Woke up this morning next to my hubby 
I got through last night's debacle without losing it. 
did not have to get out of bed in a rush today...no school or work! 
the first thing that brightened by day was the sun was out. 
Finding awesome boots even thought they were out of stock. 
woke up not too tired. 
was happy to have a quick and easy meal already made and with minimal dishes after work. 
no longer have a truly stressful job. 
My health has improved greatly recently due to recent changes in diet and I am able to get back to activities I love. 
My son didn't give me a hard time about putting him to bed and let me just say good night and leave. 
the relationship with my father is no longer a source of stress. 
have successfully gotten through a very work heavy semester before this, and I am thankful because that tells me I can handle it now. 
got a call back from a job. 
A CUP OF COFFEE, A NEW DAY 
waking up with ian 
My cat greeting me in the morning. 
to have custody of my 2 grandchildren. 
The first thing that brightens my day is when I get up early in order to get my normal activities completed. 
A sweet video of animals. 
my beautiful daughters. 
Cuddling with my son while he played iPad games in my bed 
The First thing that brightened my day was my cat (PrincessLadyTruffleLump) sniffing my face. 
my family! 
My life 
My cat 
My insane creativity and unique outlook on life. 
My sister's visit 
really didnt know what brightened my day::food 
My children, they drive me crazy but its the little smiles, and the unconditional love that shines in their eyes that makes life truly blessed. 
A call from my friends to go to the movies 
Kind words from supervisor 
stopped vomiting. 
Getting to hang out with my sister 
Glad I had day off 
tried a new recipe at work 
waking up this morning 
Talking to Dave and Lauren first thing this morning. 
The kids let me sleep in because I was sick and didn't sleep well. 
stayed on track no cheting on my wight loss plan 
Waking up rested and to a smile for once, from Chad! 
My boyfriend telling me I was beautiful. 
the laundry was done 
The first thing that brightened my day was Lily giving me bobble kisses 
the people around me in my home, I am grateful that we can all sit down and have a meal with eachother every night and talk and disclose things about ourselves. 
Customers really liked my store and that made me feel good 
woke up 
My oldest child was home from college 
FAMILY 
The thought of getting to spend the evening with Tim, having dinner and watching one of our favorite shows. 
use less gas 
my niece shares her creativity with me 
playing games on the computer 
My wonderful Boyfriend(fiance) 
debt free. 
woke up to Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto in D Major. 
Being with my husband on a morning off. 
where i live 
The first thing that brightened my day was my dog. 
My husband 
My son wanted mommy hums before school 
Waking up 
how well we work together 
got to spend some quality time with my kids. 
My Little girl snuggeling with me 
Iva offering to shop with me. 
waking up to kids. 
Took mom to Dr 
sdfsdfzdvasvszdvsdvzsdvdvzvdvzdvdvzdvdvsdvzdvzvzdvz 
My daughter 
My husband of 32 years. 
Knowing Mike was working! 
was productive. 
The first thing that brighten my day was waking up with my boyfriend at the time before I knew he cheated 
Companionship of my husband and our dogs 
reconnected with an old friend on facebook. 
That i finally got my internet business up and running 
woke up next to my dog. 
Cooked a nice meal and shared it with a neighbor 
my kids are healthy and safe. 
was thankful that my husband and son were home when I got home from work. 
My fundraising committee meeting went well - much better than I anticipated and we came up with some great ideas 
seeing my ex husband 
Having the girls home from school. 
my sons they are my world. 
Laughing with my boss about all of the phone calls. 
My 14 year old granddaughter spent the night, which she rarely does anymore, so I got to spend time with her. 
Talking to the love of my life 
when my kids are having a rough morning, I am able to make them smile, laugh and get into a better mood. 
My dog Odin 
My Best Friend found the Canister set that I have been wanting! 
My Freedom 
my loving husband 
1. 
having sex with my boyfriend 
my kids 
The first thing that brightened my day was Seeing my cats and giving them affection 
Making headway on bedroom 
Home, I was able to get some of my housekeeping done.I feel like I accomplished something. 
The sun this morning was beautiful, and I got to look at it while petting Boo. 
The boss didn't stop in at work. 
we were able to have a nice family home evening tonight. 
JJ got to spend time with other kids 
GOT MY WORK DONE FOR PAYROLL AND ACCOUNTING. 
Making blueberry muffins from scratch 
Saucie 
the long drive to see my mom was well worth it when I surprised her at work 
was thankful for my uninterrupted shower. 
yesterday my oldest son spencer received his melkezdic priest hood in our church. 
Pancakes with my girls 
Mark stopped by today and we discussed the vehicle trade-in issue I have been worried about for many months. 
My fiance 
my daughter's face 
having a home 
Waking up next to my boyfriend 
Have friends that support me. 
My life is great because I have experienced in two very different cultures Thai and American. 
My Computer as it helps keep me connected to people. 
my children were here with me today and off school. 
family 
had a car to get to work. 
The first thing that I think brightened my day was being on time to work. 
1. 
Having access to money (at least for now) so that I can travel. 
A sunny good morning with smile on my boys face.Felt like I slept enough. 
Harvey 
Participated in tutorial 
The first thing that brightened my day was the friendliness of the people while getting text books today 
Today, My beautiful children hugged and kissed me and told me they loved me. 
mu husband is determined. 
Puppy breath. 
My parents are really supportive and when I need help to deal with something difficult, they are always there for me. 
Being able to talk out my anger 
Talking to Susan, it was nice to talk to her one on one 
my friend alondra brought me my sheet for the blood drive without me reminding her which means she remembered my asking about it yesterday 
Waking up early for a change even though i was hungover and exhausted. 
My Husband and Children 
my mother is alive, healthy and close enough for me to keep an eye on 
my soul mate, live-in boyfriend. 
MY INCREDIBLE HUSBAND PAINTED A NUMBER OF ROOMS FOR ME 
Finished online coursework. 
my life would be great when i have both relationships and job balanced and whatever i choose to do be good give happiness to me and my family. 
Grad school 
My family has supported me through every decision I have made. 
My son woke up early without much prodding 
The love I feel for my child, spouse, family & students. 
didn't have to do homeschooling yesterday. 
Merci pour le faite que on petit ami veuille construire une relation solide et durable avec moi. 
Finished Kafka on the shore 
recieved a nice message 
My family makes my life great.I 
The first thing that I am grateful for is my brother, Grant. 
received a chat request and the young man was pleasant. 
co-worked asked me about my exams yesterday 
seeing my grandkids 
took the initiative to start drawing; I had stopped practicing it for three weeks and I already noticed how I got worse in it. 
did not feel well when I went to school yesterday and a person I thought to be annoying was nice and gave me a drink of her energy drink and it helped my mood a lot. 
my parents, there love 
got up early, ate breakfast and prepared my lunch bag. 
the beauty of snowfall 
walk in the cold winter with a beautiful sunshine 
Having an apartment that is all mine and that I can decorate as I wish, where I feel safe 
myself for keeping my legal appointment. 
had my boys today. 
To live in such a vibrant and constantly changing city 
my partner 
Going on a walk with Sarge. 
God's got me 
Taking a walk with Crystal and Jonathan. 
My Grandsons Smile 
the opportunity to be part of the 3D printer competition by UCD's Innovation Academy, thanks to my friend. 
Saying goodbye to a relationship that wasn't going anywhere or was poisonous to my emotional health. 
Waking up this morning to my amazing boyfriend and having him hug me and hold me while I woke up. 
woke up 
I have good friends who I can stay with in Indianapolis so I can have a getaway weekend, reconnect with them, and also not pay for a hotel! 
GOD 
Comfort 
Learning - every, single, day. 
smoking a cigarette 
My Daughters smiling face 
Good morning from a friend 
Theo 
Waking up to experience another day 
Waking up holding Jason's hand 
my parents staying the weekend with me and trying to cheer me up. 
The first thing that brightened my day was when my daughter gave me a hug first thing in the morning. 
have friends engaged enough to want to learn about what it's like living with a disease that affects my mobility. 
don't have to worry about anyone seeing my hairy legs or deformed, ugly body. 
Seeing my daughters beautiful smile before she left for school. 
My husbands patience with me. 
Our new caregiver enhanced her importance to a client and won their business because of our coaching and support. 
My children. 
Heather. 
The love and support i have build over the years from friends 
My dog 
Talking to Sugi on the phone 
my mother in law babysitting my daughter 
The first thing that brightened my day was snuggling with my husband. 
My kids 
a healthy family. 
Photography 
The GoGos was playing on the radio this AM on the drive in with Atiim while the sun was just starting to illuminate behind the mountains. 
My grandson Skylar 
Roscoe 
Changed linen and flipped mattress. 
today i got to spend time with my infant son. 
and thankful for my children. 
Facebook post 
have a roof over my head 
the first thing that beightened my day was seeing my 2 yr old all dressed up in her cowgirl clothes and little cowboy boots with her hair all pulled back in a sweet little ponytail 
my x sent me money 
god 
received a video from my niece of my great nephew Cael. 
my family, the connection I have with my kids. 
Taz woke me up by licking my face and doing his best to get a treat. 
waking up and seeing my boyfriend and kitty. 
my husband allowed me to sleep in and rest this morning when I had a headache and shoulder pain. 
Getting help from friends at work 
Chatting to an old work friend 
woke up 
The snow ... which really is lovely if you don't have to go out into it. 
my cat 
Waking up with my Sukey. 
My husband is fixing supper. 
The birthday present my boyfriend ordered for me arrived. 
Getting kisses from Karl a 
a very special partner who sincerely supports me in all of my goals, cares for my every need when I'm sick or incapacitated, gives me ample space when I need it, and always, always finds a way to make me laugh—no matter what; years and counting! 
making new friends (online) 
Psycho our cat jumping on the bed to lay with me 
called Lansing and straightened out my medical insurance. 
I have been able to help further the important projects of others through contributing my time and talents. 
My kids 
being with my husband intimatly 
The first thing that brightened my day was knowing that my mom was doing ok since today is the 1 year anniversary of her sister's passing. 
My daughter walked my dog and met me after work. 
Thank God for letting me see another day. 
my husband 
A warm house when it's frigid outside. 
A job with a good and steady income. 
acknowledgment of achievement at work 
My dog was happy to see me when I came home. 
went for a new drivers license today, The woman asked " how did you do it"? 
my animals, a roof over my head, a working sink, heat, Nice windows, our hardwood floors 
my man asked me to marry him. 
funny videos 
My co-workers were supportive and understanding of the hard time I was having today. 
Sun out, cool enough to keep a/c off 
My Husband Kisses and Hugs, say I love you I love him so much 
gave a friend a ride home 
Cameron seems happy and is in a relationship with a nice girl. 
my kids told me that they loved me. 
made my husband laugh 
Adam calling 
Coffee with Bob 
my husband who instead of working one calls, he let me go for a run while our baby slept. 
slept in. 
waking up without coughing 
the first thing that brightened my day was that i woke up feeling a little better than i did last night. 
two children who I love more than life itself. 
a text message from someone that cares about me 
Seeing my babies faces in the morning :) 
Tash posted about owls and me on FB. 
sleeping in 
my family and friends that I have. 
did a lot of things at work. 
1. 
don't have to worry about stressful fights with my former spouse. 
My mother doing laundry 
a newer car-now I have to make the payments with no job...not easy 
My husband helped me with cleaning. 
Car broke down so I had to figure out other modes of transportation until I could fix it. 
the first thing that was good today was that i helped a lady at the hospital 
My friend Sue drove me to the doctor yesterday because I didn't feel good enough to drive. 
My daughter made it safe driving in the snow to her friends house. 
worked out, stretched and felt better 
People always saying hi to me 
woke up 
Running on time with Move 
GOT A TECH CHALLENGE 
Didn't have to commute! 
School 
Playing with my son this AM 
a wonderful loving family. 
My husband having the dishes done when I get home from work 
DID GET SOME CHORES DONE. 
Freedom 
I;m grateful for my husband who listens to me everyday about how I feel 
he did all the dishes. 
when i first woke up my Hubby said good morning beautiful 
My daughter she is my only real family. 
One of my customers complimented my work and told me I did the best job. 
grandkids 
to have a family of my own (my husband n our kids) 
Did not have to travel to a job 
Watching Saul and Penny play tug. 
Yesterday I saw my son because the weather kept me from seeing him today. 
got to see my niece. 
felt better after being sick for several days 
to have a good home with a roof over my head and warmth in the winter, in a beautiful setting. 
made Alyssa laugh 
Kids' excitement at being off school for a snow day. 
Luca 
My son called me. 
My dog jumped in my lap, and wanted to be loved on! 
husband woke up 
my kids 
1. 
my husband, his love, his service to the Lord, his friendship, his encouragement, his provision. 
have my house in the mountains 
How my mother is always here for me. 
my family 
got signing done early. 
TIME WITH MY CHILDREN 
To have a job to begin with. 
Prayer in the morning 
my life 
My daughter brought a small chihuahua puppy "Zoe" to meet me. 
my boss and company are so caring about my difficulties dealing with my personal life. 
having tea with Clary and working on my 2013-2014 worksheets 
Our family are health 
my husband is feeling better today, and filling the house with the smell of baking brownies. 
Mary coming to the services with me and taking me to lunch. 
healthy. 
My cat. 
Thankful that we have nothing scheduled tonight 
My sister wished for me a great day..even she is working 24/7 in a hospital and should be really tired. 
my husband is a good father and works hard for our family. 
Got the house vacuumed without interruption. 
Dan. 
my kids are all grown 
knew what I was making for supper and I got the meat out of the freezer early and started cooking it. 
Luna 
Someone complimented me. 
TO HAVE A GRANDSON THAT I AM RAISING, HE GIVES ME ALOT OF JOY 
a friend of mine just got her hair cut today to celebrate her cancer remission,i'm so happy for her. 
i am alive today. 
My husband being willing to support me and if I do one thing, he's willing to and do the 'other half' of a chore. 
Being greeted by my cats. 
wake up today. 
seeing my husband 
my husband went grocery shopping after work. 
Waking up next to my love. 
I got the hospital paperwork done without any trouble or interruptions. 
Making it off our road thru all the snow...whew !! 
music & tattoos 
the fact that I have a job in an art museum teaching people about art history and doing art with them! 
today for my sobriety. 
to have a roof over my head 
tree done 
got help with taking staples out of currency. 
a roof over my head 
Time with Tecumseh - I'm thankful that he is healthy today, and that we listened to a couple stories and are in the process of catching up on Hulu. 
having my son home with me safe on a snow day. 
my husband works two jobs so that I can stay home. 
all of the help that Becky gives to me at home. 
have a home to live in 
I have heat that works very well to keep my home warm. 
Jenna took me to eye surgery, brought me home and helped me send messages to friends and family 
Meg and I have a strong, open, trusting, close relationship. 
the way you take positive action for yourself and those you care about. 
Snow day: Work closed early so I got to pick my son up early and we spent the afternoon watching a movie and playing video games 
My students make me laugh each and every day. 
My relationship with L is no longer an issue now that we haven't spoken since summer. 
Being alive. 
Good co-workers 
Leah Henry. 
My son said "I love you, Mama" 
woke up today that was a start. 
working on my book. 
a snow day spent with my husband at home. 
greatfull for my family and my health. 
my husband more sensitive to me not feeling well 
Today was a better day than yesterday. 
was really happy that Rosa responded so well when I corrected her in dance class. 
Tammy 
My Family, children, husband, grandkids, old friends. 
My husband cleaned his corner in the kitchen. 
House is not empty when I come home on weekends. 
My husband, who is patient and loving and encouraging to me even when I am in a bad mood. 
Well, in 2012 both my husband and I were laid off from our jobs and were out of work for about three months, but now we both have good jobs. 
My children and grandchildren. 
reconnected with someone from my childhood on Facebook. 
being with my daughter 
Daddy sent me a care package today. 
got the garage door fixed and the estimator to come over. 
seeing my dog 
I have a partner that is there for me no matter what. 
my kids are the most important thing in my life. 
Being able to be a stay at home mom. 
Jesse helping with the dishes 
A good meeting with JFS 
My co-worker was happy to see me come in she was not happy that she worked with another coworker. 
being able to solve issues effectively. 
God and Jesus for being there and talking with me and helping me in telling me what I need to do. 
Randy and Mark laughing at me 
Grateful for a wonderful spouse. 
All my bills are payed and I have water,lights and heat and things to keep me busy. 
wasn't having a great day at work. 
Leah sticking by me in all I am going through. 
my husband 
My youngest daughter stopped by today and visited with me while I made dinner. 
Mom listened and got Samson in the house quickly 
My family 
Waking up to the cops knocking on my door to do a welfare check on me. 
nothing 
Having a job (for now) that pays some money 
getting my closet redone 
to have people who genuinely care and love me 
Guy liked my boobs 
had a nice conversation with darin over morning coffee; trying to accept this change and our separation. 
got the laundry done. 
My Granddaughter 
Talked to a friend 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I have a job to go to. 
The fact that Maggie, our event producer for the SF Ball, recognized that I do a lot of work for BGTI. 
beautiful snow 
Paid Bills on time 
woke up early 
came home to a clean house. 
Receiving a picture of my Great grandchildren visiting grandpa at the cemetry. 
when someone else takes initiative. 
My daughter Amanda for being so kind and thoughtful and helping her friend who needed help but did not know how to get it. 
My sister Kelli and I watched TV and Youtube. 
won 3rd place in Pillsbury contest with 5,000 other people to get a $3.25 coupon for a donut hole kit. 
Lunch with Lauren 
Horses came to eat 
extremely grateful for my son, Adam. 
have a (minimal) part time job 
Caitlyn is home 
was grateful for Perkins' supper today. 
my kids and how they are always thankful when I make dinner. 
had a nice lunch with a couple of friends 
Speaking to my friend Brianne and joking around with her 
my Daughter. 
Having a nice talk with my daughter and laughing about some of the silly things we used to do. 
That Jehovah woke me up this morning. 
Thankful for helpful coworkers 
good staff business health 
received encouragement on my job well done at work. 
to know a God that loves me and brings me peace and helps me be strong everyday! 
Warm home - raining and snowy outside 
My Son 
God 
1 
Lunch with a friend 
Stress of personal events even though they were positive. 
Spending time with new nephew 
My dogs giving unconditional love. 
Frech toast for breaskfast 
my husband has been calm lately, makes my commute less stressful 
my husband. 
Time spent alone to pursue creative interests 
The freedom my job allows is something I truly enjoy and would not give up easily. 
got to see Julie at Melrose and chat with her later 
Nikki - she is the joy of my life. 
have a place to live that is clean and warm. 
my kids 
My daughter and I talk about the things that are between us. 
Pat got a call from Casper Fire Department. 
WOKE UP 
My boys intelligence 
My career 
My boss told me he appreciates me and that really made my day so much better. 
found some pretty pictures I took with my children. 
A lovely dream!! 
being with Mark 
My family loves me 
I have a family that care about me. 
My Nephew stopped by. 
Having a wonderful man in my life. 
my husband 
My baby girl and her sweet spirit. 
My children 
my sons love 
stayed somewhat busy and the day went by fast. 
my husband meditates with me. 
my son he light us my day my best friend jessica wise and my mother and 3 of my sisters 
Grateful for my awesome roommate Taylor. 
relatively a healthy person. 
Grateful to find a parking space with no prob. 
to spend time at home with my dogs. 
Today I was able to vacuum the whole house. 
My daughter going grocery shopping with me. 
My son glad I made it in to work okay. 
coffee 
My house is warm and outside it is very cold. 
was able to fold the laundry and not have to stop and help someone 
My husband 
feel safe at home 
my health. 
Lovely falling snow 
Thankful that a friend loaned me some money. 
my health is decent and I am able to lead a normal life. 
My mom 
coffee 
got to sleep in later :) 
A God that really loves me for who I am and doesn't look at what I have done or said. 
spent time with grand kids 
I managed to get through the day without having a breakdown. 
My family 
the first morning coffee 
We actually got out the door by 630 and were early to school 
Today i went for a walk to enjoy the sunset. 
getting to Skype with my son Terry & granddaughter Mikayla . 
my son; he is a Blessing and Inspiration. 
Waking up to another day and looking into my cats sweet tiny face! 
Made a phone call and was told the person was just thinking about me 
my daughter and my some times son, my dogs, cats and my bff. 
Grateful to enjoy coffee and cookies when I got home from work. 
People are generally happy to see me 
seeing my dogs in the morning and how happy they are to see me:) 
the fact that my kids got up for school and got ready . 
Tried a new recipe and my son wanted seconds. 
Loosing!!! 
my husband: he helps with doing the dishes the best he cans. 
went shopping with my mom and my grandma, and it was nice 
My children 
getting laundry started 
went grocery shopping without worrying about how much I was spending and got healthy food. 
Spent an hour talking one-on-one with my Dad. 
The 1st thing that brightened my day was doing yoga for an hour. 
my Shingle is getting better and the pain has gotten a lot less. 
my son. 
I have a roof over my head 
Finished a crochet project 
My family 
Getting some things done at work 
to be on vacation in Mexico, away from my daily routine, seeing new things and doing new things. 
Waking up 
knowing that I am loved 
My humble home.... 
alive 
My husband was home to greet me when I came home from work 
having family 
saw my cousin whom I hadn't seen in awhile. 
nothing 
My dogs. 
my kids 
a hug from a friend 
to god that i got best husband,he helps me all throughout without getting tensed 
my mom 
definitely grateful for my husband. 
Jesus 
having a job 
the one big life stressor was balancing work while raising my children, I look back now and don't now how I did it, but I guess it was the organization of what all had to be done 
Seeing my grandson's face. 
being able to play pool. 
that drinking water during the day has made me feel better, and seems to be clearing up my health issue. 
have a place to create 
I have a home 
my grand daughter 
Greatfull for Wendy for giving me a roof over mine and. 
Seeing the house 
was able to relax with my family and watch a favorite show we enjoy watching. 
helped some friends improving their knowledge about how to have self confidence.. 
Laura has such a positive reaction to our friendship 
the dinner I made myself today, salmon avocado sandwich, and also the cherry/apple pie with ice cream I had.... it was delicious 
My family. 
visited one of my best friends, who I hadn't seen in a very long time. 
Being inspired enough to write down an entire rough outline for a short story I'm working on. 
The defect that was not working on QA is working in dev.Sigh of Relief!!! 
My daughter waking up and coming through to the kitchen half asleep and saying Morning Mom, hehe. 
My boyfriend came back to kiss me after a stupid discussion (when I was trying to help him...) 
being alone 
Having a day of peace and quiet 
was and still am very, very kind and nice to my lovely wife, although she feels blue and is pretty pissed off at me for reasons I won't disclose :-). 
The thought of having intimate relations with my wife. 
My health -- I do my utmost to keep myself healthy by eating well and exercising 
My daughters sweet face 
sleeping in 
my home, my bills are paid each month and I have food on my table. 
We were able to find a house to rent that has more space. 
being alive 
Sophie, thanks for always doing so much laundry without complaining 
have shelter - I am thankful that I can provide a safe environment for myself and my daughter. 
Shelley's mischievous smile/smirk... 
got everything done, chores, within the morning. 
now lodge after having my own flat for 5 years so although its not ideal, I am grateful for having a nice room and a roof over my head. 
The freedom to express myself freely. 
the snow and how it makes us look at the world in a different way and find our inner child. 
Waking up next to my wife sober. 
my loving wonderful cats 
That my rent was paid 
Chase & Nicole are coming for dinner tonight. 
sunrise 
Coffee, video work, happy kids 
My coworkers said nice things about me 
MY CO WORKER WAS NICR TO ME 
Waking up and being kissed and told "I love you" 
My sons - they remind to smile 
my family 
Waking up to my amazing husband who is sober for 18 days 
woke up this morning 
Having my mom 
My mom. 
learned than Mathematics was much easier than I could even imagine. 
My Children 
great parents who are always willing to help 
I have a warm home. 
GOD.EVEN THOUGH I DONT PRAY AS OFTEN AS I SHOULD..I KNOW THAT IM ALIVE BECAUSE OF HIM.PRAISE JESUS 
My dogs, my children, my health, and my friends. 
My boys got up and got around to do their chores without me having to hound them about it, usually they are grouchy about it, but today they got up cheerfully and did it all by themselves. 
Very grateful for my family 
talking to my mom 
My children each day i learn something new. 
My son's sweet face. 
Grateful for my co-workers having a great sense of humor. 
to have a roof over my head and a husband that loves me. 
my husband, he is the best relationship I have ever had. 
great family 
having my job 
Anne asked me to work outMire messaged me Rena asked me to hike Angela and Janet made good comments on FB 
Mink and his unconditional love. 
my kids 
Chelsey and Kandice 
Getting electric turned back on so quickly from a real nice man 
God 
Getting some housework done, 
Kathleen asked about getting together tomorrow or Saturday. 
My husband supports me in the outlets I wish to pursue 
the daily phone calls from Sarah, 
Got the spiders and dead flies vacuumed up from the window today. 
my family always helps at home.Russ cooks every meal and always attends to cleaning up the kitchen when it needs it.Molly will do any job when asked, I just need to ask.Ellie kept her mess to her room. 
cup of tea 
all of my family woke up healthy and happy. 
truly grateful for my sons...I just LOVE them so much & wish I could make life for them BETTER - than I have <3 
Thankful that I am enjoying sun and surf in Acapulco, while knowing the weather back home is sub-zero; and feeling bad for those who are having to endure the cold weather and snow. 
my students who participate in class. 
no longer have to financially support a grown man. 
Getting to sleep in. 
don't have to worry about the negative relationship with my step father and his constant negative reactions and lack of emotional/family based support from him. 
Seein my Sweetie's smiling face 
Drinking coffee at my favorite coffee shop while I studied 
we have a roof over our heads 
That my husband finally has a job. 
An old friend I didnt see for awhile told me that she was married and she is happy...it put a smile on my face...I knew her when she was about five years old.... 
when I can fix a good meal that we both enjoy. 
When I was at my sub orientation for Head Start, someone asked me what I was going to school for. 
do not have children. 
Having a job and medical benefits 
Got to work remote today which allowed me to tackle some long outstanding work. 
chatted with an old friend . 
My dog loves mama 
My children 
waking up every morning 
Phone call from BF 
was thanked for a job well done when I hadn't done anything overly amazing. 
My friend Audrey for caring enough to send me links to help me regain my life. 
I have a spouse who loves me and does all that he can to make my life happy. 
Dave and providing a home at this point 
Babe came to bed with me. 
Got to spend a good portion of the day with my wife, and have a nice walk on the beach. 
When my aunt was sick in the hospital, my wife and I spent a lot of time there, making sure she had someone to talk to and be with at all times. 
Was told I was awesome today by a student I don't know. 
feel better today 
GREATFUL FOR A LOVING HUSBAND, CHILDREN AND GRANDCHILDREN. 
Feeding a stray dog a good meal. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up to see my grand baby sound asleep and healthy in her bed. 
I have a place to live 
A caring husband. 
My son woke up in a great mood today! 
My first cup of coffee was the first thing to brighten my day. 
my new apartment 
My husband 
went shopping 
Friend stopped by. 
always grateful when i have alone time and can sit and catch up on a favorite TV show or watch a movie. 
my husband shares his warmth with me when we lay in bed together. 
have a job! 
Leaving work early after hurting my back shoveling snow this morning 
My morning prayer. 
received some money I really need 
the people in my life 
Hugs and kisses from my boys, and Elsie rubbing my back. 
family 
found this website 
Waking up in a bright good morning. 
I have family to come home to. 
who i am 
Today I got a lot of the things I wanted to get done in my classroom complete. 
to pay off my car today 
My adorable cats who are excited every day when I come home. 
Saturday and I get to relax. 
A call from my hisband 
Grateful for my apartment, and having all my basic needs met (water, food, shelter) 
being alive 
The love of my husband 
truly grateful for good friends, C & M, opening their home to me and giving me a place to stay during my week-long break from school. 
My family. 
God woke me up today. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up to my kitten cuddling up next to me. 
uninturpted sleep 
Happy to have a home. 
my neighbor Pete 
got out of bed today 
feel grateful that I had time and energy to go to Lisa's yoga class. 
Waking up before 12:00 I am pretty nocturnal so trying to train myself back onto 9-5 waking up times whilst I have not got a job 
got a job, oh no. 
have a call from interviewer 
Having a full-time job that challenges me every day 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up and knowing that I could relax all day. 
going to doctors and having a nurse take a lot of time talking to me and also about herself, sort of comparing that I am not alone 
Doing FPU with my boys, Amber and Mike...growing together as a family. 
My family is healthy 
neil young concert posted for me live fr Carnegie hall ny 1/14/13 
finished a pretty set of jewelry in blues and greens reminded me of the water in the summer 
My boyfriend let me go back to sleep and tucked me in this morning. 
my three children 
my honey and I went out for Sushi last night. 
My family 
my beautiful home. 
spent the day with my mother 
DMC stress 
me being independent 
have a roof over my head. 
get medicine when i am sick. 
1. 
Thank the Goddess I don't need to worry about divorce or lawyers or breaking apart the family or moving associated with that, etc. 
This beautiful place 
breakfast 
Nutella 
The roads were in good condition this morning. 
my dogs. 
Bloodwork went well. 
was able to get my sewing/craft room cleaned out. 
a text message from my guy thanking me 
Making a video of the farm to share with my family and friends who are far away. 
The girls did a good job putting away their laundry without nagging or whining. 
The 7 year old volunteered to run the sweeper after I got it out. 
I scanned a bunch of old family photos today. 
Grading. 
One thing that makes life great is the opportunity to keep learning. 
My husband has been helping me wash and doctor my new big back tattoo three times a day. 
we now are set up so I can do yoga in the office, complete with access to the TV if I want to watch a video, or just really awesome surround sound for any music I want. 
can't find my wallet, and I called my bank and credit card and there have been no transactions so it is possible someone found it and has put it in the mail. 
The first thing that makes my life great is I have had tremendous opportunity to decide who I am. 
A person I am grateful for is my mother. 
got to see my little for a bit and talked with her roommates as well. 
lost another 7 lbs on my diet from Fri 2/17 -Wed 2/22 
Hubby is home tonight 
extremely grateful for my loving, understanding husband. 
my dogs i love my dogs very much 
stuck to my guns insisting on the pricing of my painting, Windswept Dreams, and even though the gallery declined I feel good about going to get the painting because I know it's value. 
You are a nice person with a good heart. 
my friends think of me, and post funny things on my Facebook page 
kitty cats 
Abner gave me back my 5 year pin 
Playing with my dog Sadie 
I like and get along with Jen and Melinda. 
Mom having cancer. 
massage from my child 
Today everyone was in a better mood which reduced my stress level a little. 
I had a chance to read my book. 
a safe, warm, shelter. 
My husband for his support and care. 
health - mine and for my children, spouse 
Have a home. 
my mother, father and sister 
very grateful and happy to get some answers about being the beneficiary of that insurance policy. 
greateful to have a mother who helps me with cooking in the home and with whom I have a reasonably nice relationship 
Brett. 
learned a lot reading about The Happiness Advantage. 
My Dental assistant Judy makes me very happy and laugh all day and makes me feel like she is my sister. 
My grandkids came by today. 
getting the kids on the bus without any issues this morning 
hanging out with my grandson 
Having the day off 
Waking up to my cats snuggling on my bed 
my sweet home apt. 
dylan has been pulling his weight 
Paul helped me with a project. 
more time home with delayed opening of school 
The first thing to brighten my day was Emily's smile 
woke up and realized that I didn't have to go anywhere today. 
my loving family. 
woke up by the Lords grace. 
A friend is coming to visit 
my husband and all he provides that allow me to work from home doing what I love. 
I got to spend some quality time with my husband. 
Maria always calling me back and listening to me talk about what's going on in my life. 
A customer gave me a compliment for doing such a good job. 
Didn't have to commute. 
Quiet moment post work when I was alone in quiet house able to catch up on tv homework. 
healthy kids 
water 
Speaking to my parents 
my mom because she is always there for me and does whatever she can for me. 
Being alone 
Snow day 
MY FRIENDS 
First phone call 
a quiet drama free issue night 
me 
Seeing Taylor at work. 
First pleasant thing today: woke up to a text from my sister. 
was able to dig my car out of the snow, without help! 
my children being a big part of my life. 
Helping others 
Waking up early enough to do my hair and put on my makeup. 
there is heat in our home. 
to still have a job with layoffs going on 
s.o. 
Both kitties in the bathroom when I woke up. 
My family. 
Traffice wasn't crazy in the area of Tampa that I was in today. 
my husband is going to work. 
have a husband who loves me and is willing to share our home with my elderly father. 
my good health and my immediate families good health 
my schedule of school, eat, clean, cook happened smoothly today. 
jake got into lawrencedogs sweetslept like a log after removing ipad 
A kiss 
alive and in good health 
having a home, my children and grandkids 
kids, dogs, skating, josh 
got to listen to fun music on my iPod 
My boss was lenient when I wasn't able to make it in because of the snow. 
friedship 
went outside and shoveled the snow around my car. 
My loving husband 
I have 27 people I can count on to be my friends from Bike and Build. 
was thankful i was able to spend the day w my son today on his bday 
trash being taken out 
My children. 
Seeing Samara being excited to go to school 
Planning engagement session 
Spending time with my cat, giving him scratches, petting him, watching him enjoy his toys. 
met and interacted with some nice people. 
when shawn took jeremy to school today 
being able to telecommute 
my circle of friends. 
woke up and could carry out my daily activities as usual 
was grateful for my coworkers who make me laugh. 
my husband of 19 years. 
Bowling a 147 today. 
my sister laughing and calling me crazy 
The ongoing love and support from my husband. 
Getting through my cancer treatment 
Grateful for a nice home, a job, and loving family 
A friend thought of me and brought me glutin free pasta 
my children 
waking up 
1. 
Difficult, stressful, loveless relationships. 
to have a place I can call home to come to at the end of the day. 
my husband, who is such a wonderful person. 
Having a kid in the class I subbed in today recognize me from before. 
my new apartment. 
'Live and Let Go' I definitely worry way too much about negative things that people have done to me in the past. 
I've lived in 8 different states, and visited up to 15. 
My fiance told me that I was cute. 
the nice apartment, the area and how quiet it is 
walking distance from home. 
Bad relationship 
My boss said I was smarter than the others 
Was talking to my man Pedro 
the dinner with my son. 
Good friends at school to commiserate with on a rough day. 
the help my husband gave me in getting the laundry put away. 
Getting to sleep in! 
my puppy 
my husband and son. 
watching Mr. and Mrs. R interact with one another and express their love for each other. 
The first thing that brightened my day was knowing I am good at my job and that I help people smile when they come into where I work. 
was able to finish hanging the chandelier at my salon. 
gary 
My son went out and shoveled the snow without being asked to. 
have a job to go to 
Lorsque je suis en forme. 
I have a job and able to spend some for things I need and want. 
issamu is proving easy to work with 
had extra time to myself because this is the first week of my being laid off from work, so I got to sleep in, enjoy doing things at my own pace, and still get some personal things done that needed to be done. 
Coffee 
a the sound of my furnace because that means I have a roof over my head and a warm place to be. 
Bills paid for and needs provided. 
don't need to worry about finding who I am supposed to be with. 
Sharing a romantic moment when dropping Robert off at work. 
The car did not need a major, costly repair. 
Got research questions for 200B done 
have funding for this year. 
have wonderful friends whom I enjoy having conversation with. 
coffee was made for me 
My son did schoolwork when he was left home alone. 
waking up to my children everyday and they are safe and happy 
my family and the strength I gain from them. 
Waking up and feeling well and rested, standing next to the wood stove and feeling it's warmth. 
Seeing my cat Pumpkin this morning. 
help my daughter with her school work. 
lusifer 
That Tyfie is keeping his food down most of the time. 
the beauty of mother nature and my family and friends and my salvation. 
was able to clean the kitchen 
we always have food to eat. 
So thankful to work w/ Katie and Maria and that Katie is back from maternity leave. 
Dylan and I talked. 
I got see Daya and Xander this afternoon 
Lily 
My foot didn't hurt 
Being able to be creative makes my life great. 
not having a headache or migraine today. 
a husband who supports my need to not work right now. 
The first thing I am grateful for is I was able to finally pack away Christmas decorations! 
my parents and son love and accept me no matter what. 
was able to help my father by listing all of his bills that have to be paid. 
the 70 degree day we had. 
My husband and his unwavering love and support for me 
My husband 
my coffee in the morning 
was complemented on the progress of the area. 
Family 
The Lords many blessings he gives us 
My awesome birthday gift! 
walked into a room on a very sad day today and got looks of contempt from a few people, but when I looked at my niece Tracy, I saw her eyes brighten and she smiled at me like she was happy to see me there. 
Shannon and how happy she is. 
was able to sleep in a little bit and get some restful sleep. 
My children 
my grandchildren. 
Thankful that I got to be a Mom. 
Grateful that I have a job at all when so many people don't. 
MY HUSBAND BOUGHT MY CIGS. 
my good friends at work and play 
when i woke up my husband was home from work and was in a good mood 
made it outside in the sunlight for a walk with my son. 
therapists 
Faith to be healed by Jesus 
Friends contacted me 
we had peace in our home today. 
now have access to money that I didn't have yesterday 
waking up to snow and sunshine 
meditated 
xyz 
To have a home and be able to stay inside, it's Winter and freezing cold 
made a good profit with poker. 
don't have to worry about how to make the money for food. 
helped my friends to make their exams. 
A bird appeared to me. 
Waking up this morning. 
I was able to pay some of my bills and get things I needed for the house yesterday. 
my mom born me with nice face 
Eman cooked dinner for me and we ate together at his apartment since I don't have money. 
my son sleeps until a reasonable time, and then gets into our bed for more snuggling, without insisting we wake up the second he does! 
Getting a nice message from a friend 
my children- they make me feel happy and give me a sense of belonging. 
my pets 
possible snow day and cold weather 
to be able to sit in my home and work and run my business. 
Snuggling with my girls 
Bons enfants 
extremely grateful for my family because even though anger can come sometimes from them, i know that in the end they love me uncinditionally. 
so grateful for all my friends and family as they gave me a wonderful birthday!!! 
my cat, who helps me deal better with stress and depression. 
Grateful for having a VERY supportive husband who sees in me the things I fail to see. 
I am growing and learning as a spiritual person 
TJ spent some time with me 
we have a home. 
my Husband. 
Having a good husband & good friends 
getting a new job with regular hours 
Waking up was the first good thing... being given another day to live from God. 
Had a great lunch with my Mom! 
My husband who provides for us. 
my divorce in my 20's, at one point I was unemployed. 
Yesterday was one of the first, beautiful warm days we've had this year! 
my boys are happy and healthy. 
so thankful for Brian, who is always supportive, understanding and caring, no matter how badly I'm falling apart. 
A toxic, abusive marriage. 
Zoe was sweet and pleasant this morning. 
waking up to my cats 
My grandkids 
when i met a speceial friend helen 
Hubby 
made omelets for breakfast. 
The first thing that brightened my day was to get up and see that the sun was shining and I wasn't hurting with this fibromyalgia this morning, no jerking in my neck , or upper back on my left side , it was a good srat to my day. 
my roommate tried to be as quiet as possible when she got ready earlier than me 
super grateful to have met such wonderful ,like-minded people in this world! 
A compliment about my Excel skills 
My kids getting up and getting together without me having to nag. 
my friend Vanessa who prayed for me this moring 
my coworker Terah. 
hearing from Jess and reaching through my negativity about her. 
my children and the wonderful morning we had. 
Waking up 
Everyday I wake up I'm so happy my children are with me and have a healthy way of living. 
Kevin texting me this morning with a bible verse 
Family enjoying each other 
My dog Sophie. 
Last night Carrie picked me up to go to a Native woman presentation, in fact each night I've been home a native woman has stopped by to say hi or chat etc. 
being in a relationship with someone who's never there 
I woke up with little pain 
Waking up and getting my children to school on time 
Went to my nephew's new home to have dinner. 
People at work actually acknowledged me. 
My job and my friends and family 
supportive family 
my oldest son , because if it was not for him i would not be able to go to colllege . 
roads were not icy! 
my son and sweet of a person he is. 
I not only have a roof over my head, but that I have a beautiful home with a ton of potential to make it my dream home. 
One thing that makes my life greater is my friends and family. 
bought a bag full of beads that I plan to help my niece make into something she can turn a profit on...she is just a kid, but has that entrepreneurial spirit, and I want to engage and encourage that in her. 
Loving affirmations from Shaun 
The weather warmed up to a tolerable temperature 
My younger sister brought me a hot chocolate and came by to chat at my work. 
greatfull for my crafting it is one thing that relaxes me and allowes me to forget the stress and create 
the homeowner was extremely kind and grateful. 
I got some major cleaning done today. 
kept calm during a stressful situation. 
my kids, my grandkids , my parents and my man. 
Michael 
have a job that allows me to live without poverty and help my family financially. 
being able to go into work late 
my comfortable safe home. 
My Children 
my boyfriend helped me to build furniture and shelves for my studio, even under a time limit of a photoshoot the next day. 
A delightful massage respite that soothed some achy muscles (and super reasonable, too). 
Having my son home from Taiwan!! 
My dad called me this morning and my mom called me this afternoon. 
Waking up in the morning. 
Amelie cuddling Gigi in her bed 
i am able to create comfort for my patients 
Made dinner early so the kids could eat before they went to work 
extremely thankful for my family, especially my Dad, who is so giving, and loves me no matter what I get myself into, and even supports me when he thinks my choices I make for my life are not correct, and will only cause me more grief and stress. 
Coffee 
Having my cats 
I have a bathroom of my own. 
food coming into apartment for me to eat 
ws able to pay the storage 
Rob helped me put together an exercise bike. 
IPhon 
Getting to spend time with my mom and my daughter. 
Today I was able to sit and watch a television show in some what peace and quite for and hour 
got most work done early 
leg and foot massage 
having a roof over my daughters head and my own. 
don't have to worry about my daughter being retarded or unable to walk like the doctors said. 
slept late! 
My furr kids Ponce & Snickers. 
My pets 
kitten's vet visit 
Waking up and the smell of that first cup of coffee..MMMMM 
Getting up early with my kids, seeing their smiles when I woke them to get ready for the day. 
Waking up next to my loving and pregnant wife 
my boys are healthy 
My family 
have a warm home 
My connection to Creator God and Mother Earth 
Brantley is eating 
Baby Girl is always there for and she always finds a way to make me smile or laugh, she makes me feel better in general. 
I don't have any bills to pay. 
Chase saying "I love you more." 
The first compliment I received was that my hair looked good today 
Today was better than yesterday 
Greatful we own this house. 
my family and the fantastic house we live in 
having a jobamount of incomeclose to home 
a healthy family. 
got a call from a cusin that I haven't seen I a good while, she coming for dinner tomorrow and im so happy 
my children 
My bestfriend called to tell me she would help if I needed her. 
Today I was grateful for the laughter on the commute to work. 
People reblogged my Tumblr posts. 
The "extra" kisses that I received from my husband before he left for work! 
meeting went well with volunteer 
healthy children 
my two daughters 
When I awoke there were hot cinders in the wood stove, so, all I had to do was put more wood on the fire. 
1. 
Seeing someone who I like 
got a good compliment on smile 
to have met several wonderful lifelong friends at work 
Seeing my baby and my husband! 
No one complained about anything 
Talking with my mom 
spent time with my daughter and granddaughters! 
being able to remarry the man I thought about on and off for 17 + years. 
Kay-Lynn said I was making excellent progress 
Meeting Ms. Davis-Lee 
having my health 
Finding a parking spot not too far for me to walk. 
my pets show of love for me. 
was able to relax for the evening on the couch and watch whatever TV programs I wanted without interruption since I am on school break. 
My husband has been very supportive this week. 
A nice place to live 
connected more with a new patient who is also a mother of a current patient. 
My dog cuddling in the morning, helped me get motivated and excited for the day by making me smile and relax. 
Shai's funny comment in the car. 
my family, my church family, My Pastor, and my dog and cats. 
I have a husband who will cook. 
My sons grades 
my sister and the time that she has spent with me and my family. 
My grandkids 
When I woke up this morning and remembered it was Myles's 12th birthday! 
Waking up this morning 
every smile and hug I get from my grandkids 
my mom going to the grocery store today while I cleaned my house. 
have been able to be in class without an anxiety attack for 3 weeks. 
Spending time with my mom and sister 
My morning quiet time. 
My husband 
traffic was light going home 
I have a dog. 
get to see my son and talk about our day together.I get to go home and be greeted by the dogs and Kris , and they are happy to see me each day.I get to visit with Kris and laughs and share thoughts and feeling together 
Josh let me borrow the keys to his car to get to an interview in the morning. 
my husband is a genuinely kind n loving person. 
to have a job. 
Filed for affordable insurance - most likely receiving financial assistance 
Veronica complimented my scarf... 
my children, 
I am able to be there every day of my grandson's life since he was born. 
1. 
Grateful that I have a warm and safe place to live. 
Meeting with Rhiannon and Pete and sharing our thoughts and views on how I can help them build their brand and learn social media skills. 
the fact we have a home to live in. 
Popcorn 
Not having to do anything on a a deadline. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting the trash out before the garbageman came. 
Shelter from the cold, I work outside and to ome home to a woodfire feels great on my bones 
asking tina if the girl with he was her sister or daughter. 
my husband who works hard everyday and never complains. 
I found out that my friends who are neighbors shoveled my driveway and stairs yesterday 
Being alive! 
have great friends. 
I woke up today. 
Getting rid of clutter 
My pets 
having a man in my life who loves me for me 
had a bagel, 
or sleeping late this morning 
paid all my bills 
My bf feels much better and asked me to go see him twice. 
have lots of people who help me getting back in shape. 
Meagan said I am an amazing woman, amanda said she cant wait to see me, Sally tried to see me today and will see me tomorrow, she insite a lot, susan is cooking dinner for me, I will see Jessie this week too. 
A successful send off to school with no fighting! 
was able to take care of my daughter's "lost" cell phone with minimal stress. 
have a best friend who is always there for me, willing to do anything he can to make me smile. 
my landlady who has not made me pay rent in 5 months. 
friends who are there when needed. 
having a nap 
my feanceie and all he dose for me 
Kids 
going to lunch with my daughter 
Daisy wacking her tail against the wall. 
Froze in the house with kids due to temps but had plenty of everything. 
My husband 
family specifically my mom & dad who are always willing to help me, and give me money to help me improve my life. 
completed my 3.1 mile run on a freezing cold day with only minimal tightness in my leg. 
Very good heat and quilts during the winter 
Waking up and going to the gym 
Barb confiding in me 
My family 
was thankful when i came home that there was no arguing. 
my children because no matter what your children will always be their for you 
got the stuff up from the basement 
Grateful for my 2 daughters..they make me laugh 
Well, I woke up not feeling great, but I had a nice email from Ann. 
Grateful that Mom is feeling betterfor Arla Katie andy Shaughnessy grateful to work with people who like me 
caught up so I will sleep better instead of thinking through how to finish stuff. 
Aansxhrijving 
left work almost on time which was great because we me a lot of our deadlines this week. 
Reading my email from "the universe" 
the family I get to come home to each day. 
Lily kissed me and said she loved me. 
A call from my former employer stating I'm entitled to sick pay and vacation pay. 
My daughter arrived in N.Y. 
My brother called me today just to let me know he was thinking of me. 
my healthy kids 
received great feedback from my supervisor. 
video of cats being bad and dogs scared of cats. 
Having a peaceful homelife 
My son washed the dishes-without being asked or told to. 
my daughter is feeling better after having the flu 
Gwen sent me a thank you text after I went home on Thursday 
caught a feral female cat that will not give birth to more feral kittens 
some of the kids seemed to miss me while I was gone. 
Kelly brought cupcakes to knitting to help celebrate my birthday. 
family 
so thankful Ted takes such good care of us. 
Finished the cover for my BOS 
My team is awesome. 
a praying husband and daughter. 
My mom called the doctor for me and talked since I couldn't stop coughing. 
to have had a child at my age who i can stay home with and take care of. 
my little sister and her generous giving. 
My friends 
Having a job that most of the time I love. 
Pete 
to come home and the walkway is shoveled 
SO GRATEFUL FOR WAKING UP THIS MORNING WITH MUCH DECREASED PAIN IN MY JOINTS. 
I have the means to take care of my children. 
Waking up and snuggling with my husband. 
have wonderful, caring friends. 
my daughter Destiney. 
My wife and child were happy to see me come home this evening. 
don't have to worry about living with anyone I don't want to live with. 
that tonight I got to cook in the kitchen with my middle daughter. 
Dylan coming to hug me when I got home. 
Mac made dinner and did dishes. 
My family makes my life wonderful! 
Mac started his job today. 
the sun was shiny 
My old high school friend texts me when she has person issues and asks me for advice. 
Had a overall good day with the person I worked with. 
Having dinner ready for me when I got home. 
i was still alive and warm 
One thing that makes my life great is: Despite being paraplegic due to MS, I can move around thanks to my motorized wheelchair. 
my friend Linda is able to visit me and I visit her whenever we can. 
Guilt about my brother's death in 1974. 
Today I made my FAMILY breakfast, and they loved it! 
Laila's room is getting cleaned up, she will be able to and wanting to play in there 
having the day off of work unexpectedly 
cuddling with the dogs and them making me smile 
good time with hubby 
Husband 
to have healthy animals in our home as part of our family. 
My Kids 
their existenceI am thankful for Xanders happy personalityI am thankful for their healthI am thankful for my husbands strength and gentlenessI am thankful for my puppies 
My salvation 
The first thing that brightened my day was my love. 
my daughter, Husband and Son.They are the love of my life. 
having an amazing sister who loves and supports me without questions. 
Gracie climbed on my lap and sat purring while I was on the computer. 
my dog marley 
My friends that help me. 
had good convo with dad, mom, and sister. 
SPENT TIME WITH MY FRIEND AND HER KIDS 
my two beautiful daughters. 
had a decent breakfast. 
my children's smiles greeting me when I get home. 
My daughter thanking me more than once, when I brought out the play-doh and sat down to play with her. 
Spending time with my motherDreaming up great things with hereLove my bond with her 
my older sons help me with my 17month old , 
My freedom 
cleaned out and organized my pantry, and food cupboards, I even asked oldest stepson for help. 
So any step up to help without hesitation 
Lee is off work. 
loving children. 
have a wonderful husband who is also a great father and provider and friend 
An understanding supervisor 
3 months ago I moved out of a bad situation. 
A conversation with Bella in the car on the way to school - "Mommy, I want to give my heart to God like you do," was part of it and it brought happy tears to my eyes when she said it. 
Thankful that I didn't have to go out in this 0 degree weather. 
Jim made a great dinner, so I was able to relax after a long drive. 
Volunteering at Hospital taking care of babies 
My coffee was delicious today! 
to have passed a class in college with an A 
my fiance for the errands he runs for me and my mom. 
Have my teeth fixed 
was treated to Starbucks! 
was able to get my medicine and some gas for the car. 
1. 
a ride from my friend 
my assistant manager helped me clean the back room 
The first thing I am grateful for is that I was able/feeling like getting out of bed today. 
having two dogs that love me and keep me company i know they will always be here for me 
My back pain was gone. 
raymond put my phone near me so I'd wake up and then took time to try and call me to make sure I woke up. 
My son and the way he can make me feel more positive about the future. 
Positive meeting with a colleague who validated a technology product that I created. 
Going out with the sisters this afternoon. 
Even though it was freezing outside, it was still Sunny. 
Waking up with the boys, sleeping in, and cuddling in my bed, when it was so cold outside! 
i have a roof over my head 
Getting on the scale and seeing that I lost 5lbs 
I have my own office and I get to see people every day. 
Waking up to Jacob's happy face 
My children 
my wife loves me, 
Money 
Happy went outside and didn't cry all night 
My dad took off work early to help me deal with my anxiety today. 
Going out for dinner, as a last minute idea to my new favourite Thai food restaurant with my honey and my daughter. 
my cats 
My amazing children. 
My Grandson 
having my kids everyday. 
learning new steps 
A break from the heat 
my husband. 
My Pets 
I have a very patient and tolerant husband. 
my friends letting me live rent free in their home until April. 
The first bright thing in my day was laughing and having fun while filming the training video 
listening to tristan say things in his funny voice 
Working with Ashleigh and Lawrence. 
my parents are talking to me again, 
Working out the requirements for Intota with Sonya 
to have a kind, active, financially stable boyfriend. 
Not taking no for an answer and fixing the software program we needed to do business. 
1. 
I can exercise more in my home. 
the smiles and laughter from my children. 
my prescription was refilled 
David picking me up a packet of smokes on his way home so that I didn't have to drive into Wonthaggi. 
Daniel helped clean up 
Garrett at the gym encouraging my efforts at the gym. 
Myself 
mum doesn't have to go back to dr for six weeks 
having my daughter and my parents beside me 
being able to breath after inhaling, somehow, spicy hot powder that got caught in my lungs and throat. 
had a tension free morning 
my home . 
my dr appointment was okay, better then I expected. 
don't have to worry about work as I have time off to get better. 
There were plenty of healthy leftovers for hubby to have for dinner, so I didn't need to cook again 
1. 
Cutting micks hair 
my parents taing my kids for an afternoon walk so I could rest 
having a boyfriend who is willing to stick with me through the stress and craziness 
The first thing that brightened my day was denna handling 2 tricky situations while driving to school today on her L's 
My family 
cooking a new dinner 
Waking up with hugs from both Daisy and Ben 
The first thing thar brighten my day was having breakfast with my best friend and getting hugs of her daughter. 
Relaxed with my kids. 
Served strawberry shortcake to the kids today. 
was grateful that i had the chance to go to the maggie centre and meet people who understood what i was going through 
feel grateful for the support my husband provides. 
An email from a male friend to show he cares and is thinking of me. 
My son went into a shouting match and was enraged about the world. 
Catching up with friends last night and remembering Antonietta 
have two beautiful loving daughters 
don't worry about having to please someone else. 
Rafael Nadal winning his match. 
Dean is out of town and we have a snow storm. 
so thankful that I have a family to love. 
Having a job in the industry I've always wanted to be in. 
My parents 
Getting a call from a counselor to oragnise an appointment 
Help from the universe & making a choice to let go 
helped my friend and took her mind off of the stress that she faces. 
My meeting went well 
My kids enjoy spending time with me. 
fenced my veggie patch 
ELC 
Miles had a fun playdate with Rex where he played outside for 2 hours. 
having a mad hangover and being really ashamed of myself, I managed not to spiral into misery 
Free yoga lesson. 
Grateful to have my beautiful home! 
the french lesson, which I did last night. 
Thinking about going back to uni and getting into my routine. 
breakfast 
My friend told me I was so great, because I have been encouraging her (them) to be her best. 
Waking up on time and getting to work early in order to leave early. 
Had a nice conversation with my colleagues at work. 
I have Vinnie and Bella in my life, they bring joy into my life. 
My friend Shanda made me laugh at work tonight 
Snow day at home with the dogs. 
Tom coming to pick me up 
adam soccer boots were cheaper than we thought. 
the home that I live in that keep me safe. 
having a job to go to. 
the laundry being done by Rob. 
Bex phoning and texting me when I was feeling down and upset about work. 
Appreciated comments. 
God to be having a wonderful parents. 
My kids got along with each other all day 
sitting at the breakfast bar having coffee and checking my email. 
quiet days when everyone is gone and the house is quiet and I can laze and snuggle with the animals. 
seeing my dog first thing in the morning. 
waking up and knowing that it was a "church" day.....looking forward to the SS lesson I am giving the kids today....regarding Moses....and him doubting himself (like I do at times) but God assuring him that He is always with us 
i love him always 
My best friend, Jolana. 
interacted with my kids better 
Malina is doing so well in school and finally learning to enjoy reading. 
don't have to worry about being an awkward teenager or 20 something anymore. 
Obviously, gratitude is the word for the day in a number of different venues! 
we had a gathering celebrating the wonderous Mary Yetter. 
Seeing how pretty and green my eyes looked with my green scrubs. 
Employee in store really sweet. 
god's grace today in my life.He cleansed my sins and I am his dear child again.My faith got revived more today and I am happy because of my Lord. 
have a date night with my husband and our best friends tonight. 
The first thing that brightened my day was having surprise morning sex with my husband. 
talked to Beth 
I have helped create an environment that gives happiness and comfort to other people. 
today Kody was a very good boy and let me be the pack leader. 
Lisa 
Loss of BiscottiI was strong 
MD homeI mean I hate her narcissism but I didn't really want her to die. 
remembered during my counseling session that Catherine Stornetta has been supportive of me returning to theatre 
Performing 
There's a new Eclipse expansion out! 
went for a walk in the beautiful park near my house. 
cooked a good meal for myself, I am alone, and I don't feel like cooking everyday but today I did it 
cooked dinner and everyone really enjoyed it. 
My boyfriend helped me through a really hard moment. 
Job interview went well 
my kids, they make me laugh but at times makes me mad. 
Going for a 1km swim 
Being in Columbus circle at 10am 
Je suis heureuse de pouvoir partager ma vie avec un homme doux et bon. 
The silly moments in email I have with Betsy 
got to my 9am meeting at Leonhards on time and scored awesome parking. 
Hugging my child. 
My friend encouraged me by sending me a message of support and love - I cherish her in my life - she helps me puts things into perspective and lifts me up when I am low and feeling worthless - she gives me hope to continue moving forwards. 
A collegue was helpful with a new task I had to do. 
Family. 
Power went out, no electronics for the kids 
School was canceled 
My dog always makes me feel grateful because he's my constant companion and loves me no matter what. 
Pascale told me thanks because I hoped her yesterday. 
Helping others 
judy was nice 
My fireplace that makes me feel warm 
Taking it easy and slowly this morning 
That could go on my bike out and to do some exercise and that I didn't have to hide in bed and that emotions can be dealt with and controlled 
My new group of friends, going strong. 
to have such an amazing relationship with Elly and our baby highlander. 
The first thing I was grateful for today was that I was able to motivate myself to take highlander for a long walk. 
Salvador (my 10 year old) got a Lego set for Christmas, it was geared for ages 14 and up. 
My husband made me coffee. 
The sun was out and it was a beautiful day 
Being able to get my chores done without any interruption. 
The first thing that brighted up my day was my best friend. 
great full that my parents are always there for me, forgiving me, teaching me, and lifting me up when I feel down. 
1. 
the old relationship 
school, I was talking with my class girls and a teacher. 
A good nights sleep. 
The sun. 
Great friends 
finding this website, makes me great full to find help about being happy 
saw my youngest son. 
Friend texted to apologise for not coming round but had been helping another friend. 
Bookcase came and looks nice 
A chatted to me and was nice 
Stu is is supportive and helpful from doing laundry to bar-b quing to dishes, I know I could not do it without him. 
my dogs 
My children. 
My best friend loves me and reminds me of this even when we are struggling. 
Sunshine 
feeling calm 
1. 
My daughter remembered to keep me in the loop about how her sick 2 year old was doing. 
meeting mark and felicity (which actually means happiness) 
the peace and beauty of my tucson home. 
Living in a beautiful place, looking out of the window and walking pups is lovely 
Seeing a rainbow after torrential rain. 
A cuddle in bed with the dogs and husband. 
My Wife and Son 
No more verbal abuse from my dad because he past away in July 2010. 
my son saying : I love you Daddy 
my amazing son and all the joy he brings to my life 
My nice smile 
The sun is shining and I got to walk the dog in the sun. 
the sun 
Très peu d'obligation donc beaucoup de liberté 
Hearing a cuckoo call outside 
работя нещо, което ми се струва креативно и полезно 
had breakfast with friends at Vurma 
Life sciences, despite all shitty problems it brings... 
Confirmation class - seeing how happy Anil and Rob were. 
great home 
relaxe et avoir du temps pour moi. 
My children 
My family helped me with my photo assignment 
My functional kitchen with old, serviceable pots and sharp knives that enables me to prepare delicious meals for my family and friends. 
my boss let me have a vacation 
The first thing that brightened up my day was eating leftover pizza for breakfast. 
My children 
share my home with two great cats and they were good today 
I got to audition and acting today. 
My sweet loving pets. 
Becoming the person I was meant to be. 
Dating someone of another race and having my father walk out on Christmas dinner because of it. 
No parent bugged me 
School was canceled due to snow 
Mom 
Grateful for supportive husband 
nothing 
Waking up 
Tea with Nancy at Dr. I's 
Going to church 
My friend celebrated my birthday yesterday 
Talking to my sister 
Yesterday, I was grateful for the camp open house at the YMCA, my daughter and I had a great time with all the activities. 
Ik luisterde naar de coaching-sessie 
My Kids 
Ter os meus pais comigoCom saúde 
reading budda wisdom 
living. 
Je vis dans un endroit confortable dans lequel je me sens en sécurité. 
I get to talk to my parents and brother often. 
have R. 
not sick 
can go where ever I want to in the future. 
My kids 
J'ai la chance d'avoir une belle maison bien décorée et confortable. 
Alice is beautiful. 
Théodore m'a souri 
My mum cooked dinner for me for the first time in months. 
Having a lovely home. 
being healthy and being spiritualBeing able to talk,walk and thank. 
My wife, a house to keep me warm. 
Lexi is thoughtful and loving 
Moving, selling or preparing to sell a house 
chilling in my living with my roommates, and friends. 
My home is safe. 
have a great job that challenges me everyday! 
vontade de vencer 
The fact that I can go to school for something I LOVE 
Playing with my kids! 
went through my rss feeds 
woke up and was happy that I did not drink alcohol yesterday despite it being in the house 
Brooklynn is getting tougher and made it home ok tonight. 
Thankful that Chris took the girls to the park to enjoy the weather and spend some time with them when he got home early. 
made breakfast! 
Made headway on an important project; compiling a handbook for a difficult account to make things easier for those who audit on it. 
Sister was nice to me and cooked medicine for me. 
Tuesday, I was able to leave work early to rest as I was feeling unwell. 
my wife is a wonderful person who is there with unconditional love through ups and downs of life. 
don't worry about money 
Family 
My dog sleeping next to me in my bed 
Met with friends to discuss a project 
try to stay calm and i did it 
Completing my office with paint it 
Talking to my mom 
Avoir de la famille sur qui je peux compter 
warm and my stomach is full 
great family 
realized that i made some good coin teaching yoga last month 
a 
Time to relax and do what we wanted 
Able to stream the first season of White Queen without any problems. 
my mom and dad who always cheer me on. 
family 
Hearing back from a person who I thought may ignore me. 
Scott got out in time and brought me tea and toast and left kids for the breakfast 
my husband and my family 
The love I get from my family of dogs and cats.That I have a home to live in.That I have a source of income. 
My wife cooks good food everyday without complaining. 
Yoga pants, cuticle clippers, tv stand 
Friends 
not starving. 
Healthy Family 
My husband shows me in so many ways how much he loves me. 
to my friend Dina that shown me this website; 
stressful event 1 - going to an unknown place alone by train and then by subway. 
Today is gorgeous. 
Arvin 
having the strength and new found ability to communicate and understand more french than ever before. 
Making banana pancakes for my kids on a two hour delay. 
My son called to apologize for being rude to me a couple of days earlier. 
Bevin. 
Dany s'occupe des enfants le matin. 
Today Soumya reached out to me telling me about a personal problem he is having. 
to have spent the past weekend with my family. 
Leckeres Rührei von Eva 
Prepare breakfast for Eva with strawberries! 
I have a home where to sleep and eat. 
My husband is very, very capable and supportive while I'm job hunting. 
got up early 
Getting up early to start the day, 7am and charged... 
Grateful for my health. 
Getting at work and have enough time to make my coffee 
received a positive email from a new client with more opportunities to work! 
Hearing from UNC about 2 different jobs 
Grateful for the loving, supportive family I have at home. 
Seeing Gio and Abby 
Grateful I made it to work on time despite sleeping through my alarm and waking up late. 
My boss said something nice too me 
Today I remembered with a little of nostalgia a book that I was gifted some time ago. 
My girlfriend called me on her lunch break and we had a pleasant conversation. 
Yoga class this morning... 
working with a great team of people who always makes me laugh. 
charlie 
my husband being an open minded unselfish and compassionate person, and this allows me to feel free enough to be myself and to grow and strive to be the person I always knew I could be. 
my husband will literally do anything without complaint. 
I've handled family stress before. 
made it home in this negative temp and probably 10 inches of snow weather we have here in Michigan. 
he keeps me Motivated, especially when I'm at my limit. 
My beautiful house, especially downstairs 
really thankful for my family and how we eat dinner together everyday. 
husband is thoughtful 
my parents are putting us up whilst we look for a house, and that we get on so well together (up to a point) 
went to my cousin's birthday dinner and enjoyed my time with everyone there. 
made a lovely meal and cooked roar chicken for the first time! 
Being born into and lovely gentle and respected family in the country in Western Australia. 
Family looking out for me. 
the people I got to work with today because they make me laugh 
did the laundry 
having a roof over my head that my husband works so hard to provide us. 
God has woke me and my family up this morning 
to share a home with Brian, that he doesn't criticize my belongings not always being in their place and that at the end of the day he comes home to me 
was able to have five mins to talk to a friend while my kids were kind and striaightened up the house for me. 
well lets see i was in bad realtionship at one time, and thank goodness had the commonsense tor ealize staying in thatr relationship wouldnt do anyone a bit of good. 
my girls are healthy. 
Making progress on Maxient 
familylifelove Godmusic 
my morning went very easy 
Good gossipfest with Dan this morning. 
Our car broke down a couple of weeks ago and we were able to get financed for a newer one. 
was able to do my meditation which a lot of people would not be able to so this gives me a sense of freedom. 
my dog, Batman. 
I'm healthy 
Well I did get on pinterest for awhile and checked out boards about crafts and such. 
A calm breakfast with no tears from Meg 
child is doing good at schooldaughter is going back to workhad a good day todaysomebody besides myself took trash out 
the magnificent Northern California waves I saw crashing against the rocks yesterday. 
was able to reschedule a doctor's appointment to sooner. 
was able to go to my counseling appointment. 
A gift of cookies from a coworker 
to have a job 
the wonderful husband I have. 
Even though I had to miss class because of Anderson's pink eye, I did get to read more of my Tim Leary Biography which is really interesting. 
Having a good friend to let me live here for almost free. 
my sweet husband. 
A kiss from John 
I was able to get some exercise for both myself and my dog, thanks to the nice walk we took this morning. 
Don't have to worry about my toxic marriage. 
I got to stay home most of the day and catch up with some housework 
I have a loving family. 
having a coffee 
Ben put away the dishes and took care of the recycling finally. 
a live 
First thing I'm grateful today is that well I bought my sister and myself some food to eat. 
health 
Sylvia arranging to come from London to see me in Tunbridge Wells. 
started self-testing for cpt coding 
The first thing that brightened my day was… greeting my husband in the morning and getting that first kiss of the day  
My kids are in good health 
1. 
I cleaned my living room yesterday. 
away from my ex wife, and don't have to worry constantly about what she's doing. 
God woke me up today. 
no pain 
saw my friend Mari 
was very active today 
my coworkers. 
Colin 
my beautiful healthy children. 
remember when my twins were approx. 2 and a half. 
My husbands provided me with the best life I could ever have asked for. 
really enjoyed my meeting with the client today. 
had help with my work today. 
Kim brought me an iced carmel Latte 
was grateful to have the first part of my day devoted to paperwork time so I could catch up a little on a report that was late. 
My friends know they can turn to me during hard times in their lives & I will be there for them. 
My granddaughter Maddie will be with us soon 
watched my favorite morning show 
My boys did their homework without a lot of fussing 
got to visit Koko Head today in a walkthrough that was a pleasant surprise for me, because I had completely forgot about it. 
Talking with my dad regularly and staying connected. 
Caught up with Christopher and Kelly last night 
Getting a text from a very good friend 
my privacy 
Geting out of bed, doing something productive.Even if it just the main things. 
Remembering my dentist appointment. 
have a warm house to keep me safe in this bitter cold 
Amani's laughter 
Compliment from banker 
the roads were clear/driveable. 
The beard guy on the elevator looked so happy/ 
got some errands done. 
the kitchen clean all day long. 
being alive. 
I got to spend the day at home when it was cold and I did some chores without feeling pressure. 
Watched one of my favorite movies. 
The beautiful sunrise 
I have my friends to talk to about my problems and my stressful situations. 
seeing my dog and her love and trust 
a supportive family 
My husband and his desire to help me stay happy. 
I got to go in early, which led to my leaving early. 
was able to get my tooth fixed when I didn't know if the dentist would be able to fix it. 
My friends who don't care if I'm having a great day or a bad one they are always there for me 
to have time to find out who i am. 
my taxes are done and I know how much I owe on 2013 and finally getting 2011 straightened out.... and a return, In Jesus Name!! 
jamie pruneau-she gave me a call tonight! 
my daughter will receive a fed Ex today with needed paperwork and an extra $$ gift from Mom! 
not working, my girls, james 
Coming home from the hospital 
my friend misty, who helped me drive to sherridan. 
Ravi stayed up at night with me to take care of baby when he was crying, got me a diaper even at 2.30 when he had to go to work next morning 
Cooking dinner 
Woke up healthy 
the soothing power of the vacuum. 
my daughter was excited about getting a ribbon for participating in the science fair. 
the Lord allowed me this day! 
My son having correct med for his ADHD! 
have a great family. 
my puppies being always so happy to see me 
got several things done last night 
harrison ,,my husband 
my Husband and Family are in good health. 
wokeing up this morning, and for the good Lords Blessing me and my family. 
A project was given to me late by a supervisor and when I did finally received it I was able to complete within an hour or so. 
I was able to get through the day without really losing my patience or my temper. 
Britt wanting to get out of Alex's house 
Rayann and Ryan did not break the window, while fighting because of extreme cold. 
the funny things my son says. 
getting my bedroom finally clean 
Jasmin is a very thoughtful co-worker. 
all of the people who supported Troy in his stop smoking efforts on Facebook today. 
Went out for a big breakfast at a really cool place 
I had a phone appointment with my therapist, Steven Kalas, today. 
have a job in my field of training. 
couponed 
Peace and quiet. 
Dealt with a narcissistic person. 
I am blessed and well in health and that I am also able to spend quality time everyday with some of my favorite people. 
got to talk to Kaitlin today and I am grateful that I have someone as wise and compassionate about her who cares about me and wants to help me make changes that are positive in my life 
not stressing about my sister being out of the country and not being able to get in touch with her 
A text message from my friend Julia 
My 2 sons...ages 16 & 20 
woke up. 
my daughter 
a loving family. 
My grandson came in the front room this morning dressed up in his tie and dress shirt and hat. 
first semester and first semester grades are done. 
I am not not stressing about what's wrong with my car because I just got it fixed and its riding nicely (knock on a wood-like surface). 
The people I care about. 
my dog stopped licking his hot spot 
calmed a patient down 
Seeing my friend online this morning brightened my day. 
was able to clean my apartment 
Got my hair highlighted and cut 
was able to lay down to take a nap before work. 
so thankful for my Service dog. 
have people that trust and help me. 
The fact that my daughter and her new family took me in after my husband died. 
have a job that I enjoy. 
Stood up for what I needed which was a huge concern for a group today. 
my friend Tracy came over tonight for dinner and to discuss a new business venture. 
People were excited to try my cookies at work. 
Jen's banana bread 
My amazing Husband Don. 
The number of real friends that I have. 
bills being paid 
Snuggling up wit the husband 
FOR ALL THE BLESSINGS I HAVE RECIEVED IN THE PAST YEAR ! 
KEEPING MY JOB! 
My coworker brought me lunch :) 
and affection towards me given by my parents 
my daughter Haley and her son Riley. 
family support 
1. 
live in Australia, a country of freedom and wealth of nature and work. 
living in a stress free house. 
Grateful I have a family to come home to. 
This nice apartment i live in 
SO thankful that my spouse likes to cook really good food and clean up the dishes. 
When I caught the guy from Deloitte peeking at me! 
Having a lovely home in a beautiful part of the country. 
gratefull for my friend Walter who encorages me to study and is a positive person. 
don't have to see and to work with people that i hate, at an office that i don't like and where the mediocrity is valorized. 
he has listened to me and started to change some atitudes in his house, like charge her sister the gas and start saying "no" to some abusive tasks. 
1. 
supportive and loving friends. 
took a hair wash .it 
waking up before the alarm 
Support and love from my family. 
My husband 
Nn 
having a boss that is flexible and understanding 
an abundance of loving, supportive friends and family who want to see me happy, healthy and financially successful. 
The first thing that brightened up my days was my baby cousins. 
Irene came in to the office saying that she stopped today to say good morning to a homeless man and offered to buy a coffee and a muffin. 
Had group contact 
My daughters 
Waking up next to Vince. 
Carl Harrison brought a homeless person to lunch. 
I woke up this am with no major illness and no bad news. 
My sister and I shared a really fun afternoon, we had a photo shoot and put stickers all over ourselves for a very fun afternoon. 
Scott helping out with dogs 
My 4 yo son got bit by our little dog, after annoying the poor dog for weeks.I am thankfull because I could respond apropriatelly to the chaos that followed that, taking care of the injury and calming them down. 
id slept well 
My ability to let go of things 
My zumba class this morning 
felt I had a good enough night sleep and felt I was ready to tackle the day. 
N sounded relaxed when we talked on the phone this morning. 
found I was more centered, uplifted and stable at a meeting this morning. 
the love of my family 
Kids 
My daughter has grown into a wonderful person 
my SO works from home so I get to spend more time with him than if he didn't 
seeing my brother 
woke up. 
Nice home neighborhood location 
My 2 daughters are happy and healthy and are in love with their long term partners, I am happy for them 
family 
My sister checked up on me to see how I was doing. 
dad gave me money for groceries 
My Grandkids- they fill my heart with so much love! 
seeing my grandkid at my home 
employed 
my 14 mth taking a nap so I can have me time 
Les enfants s'habillent to us seuls dans la bonne humeur. 
The unconditional support of my spouse. 
waking up in a warm home 
A roof over my head 
That BJ and Mikie are happy in their lives 
and greatful that my family is healthy and safe. 
to have full time employment. 
An interview :) 
The credit card companies fixed my problem quickly 
My husband 
awoke for another day 
My Cat Boo-Boo Kitty. 
my loving mother and father. 
my daughter has a job 
My dog 
I have heat 
very grateful that my so to be husband understands me. 
the ability to go to school. 
courage to call landlord about rent fees 
got to call out sick from work without being afraid it was going to cost me my job. 
Waking up and seeing my husband 
sal made dinner 
Having my dogs. 
received a lot of support from my co-workers. 
free coupon for a gourmet dinner 
everyone on the freeway drove the speed limit 
The first thing that brightened my day was I got to work on time. 
woke up and was alive. 
my family is healthy 
using an impromtu recipe for chicken found earlier on fb 
got my furnace fixed today and I am no longer cold. 
My friend Dianna sent me text,, voicemail and rang me today to see if I was ok as she is worried about me 
Getting laundry done while the baby sleeps 
have a job 
Kathy 
We all woke up. 
I have freedom in job 
A partner I can trust even though I don't always recognize it. 
brought me coffee 
The one thing that makes my life great is music. 
Taking a shower. 
The first thing that brightened my day was snow flurries falling in Texas. 
My daughter gave me her pizza 
1. 
Good meeting 
completed a task that was causing me great stress 
talked to my son 
My husband. 
Our home. 
a nice hot shower after work. 
family 
Seeing the little kids walking down the hall at school. 
Seeing my pets and daughter on this cold Tuesday morning, 
My son having a job..finally. 
My husband had the foresight to stay home today and take care of the kids. 
My husband Helping more. 
Stasia sent me a funny horse joke through FB that made me chuckle. 
Sandrine invited me to her birthday party! 
Friends that listen 
drive to workeoddinner 
great full that Stephen is home 
having a job I like. 
I had a good productive day. 
The first thing that brightened my day was being able to spend a couple of hours with both my boys! 
Being able to work, working with special need people 
to be alive and to see my kid grow up to be a good kid. 
I was able to direct the guest to the doctors so they could feel better. 
Cancer sucks 
It was sunny. 
Laundry done 
Getting up and seeing the love from My Dogs ( Tater, Moxie, Jam-Bone )... 
My friend anastasia 
A colleague gave me a packet of fried rice which was very thoughtful of her. 
Casey's baby shower. 
went to Kmart with Erin and bought some pants to wear while I'm recouperating 
needed and relied on. 
My work out on the step 
a closeknit group of friends. 
Did a great workout at the gym and got to see my friend for a while. 
woke upbella was oki saved snails from the frig and took care of themtalked to debbie on the phonegave veggies to the workers 
the first thing that brightened my day was that first cup of coffee 
everyone getting to the bus on time 
I had a peaceful day off at home. 
to have had a quiet, relaxing day. 
Prayer 
Grateful I worked out 
The twins fell asleep easily with no fighting. 
don't have to worry about feeding my kids 
my loved ones. 
I am still living in this wonderful world, seeing the beauty of my surroundings. 
finalized dates for my unit. 
1. 
recognized that I couldn't go on the way I have been. 
1. 
She is loyal and trustworthy, I can tell her anything. 
He listened to my concerns regarding our relationship, and said he would try to be more respectful. 
was able to take a day just for myself. 
The traffic on the way to work was not too bad! 
my one of my co-ops left cash with me during the cold snap that is coming. 
having my own home and being able to have the money to live and experience. 
Seventh graders liked the activity 
Susan Decker and her putting me down all the time that bitch! 
My passion for nature and animals and the importance of protecting these things and treating them with respect and kindness. 
my coworkers are understanding 
my husband 
thomas 
waking up 
great friend 
going to yoga 
Life ,Randy ,John ,Job, minnie 
practiced dace today and got a part I was having trouble with. 
I was able to talk to a friend who has gone through similar things as myself. 
my co-workers are great to be around...they help me to not get too stressed 
Seeing my beautiful puppy dogs and their contentedness and happiness. 
got a nap. 
I got the house vacuumed today and grateful that Wes fixed it so it works great again. 
my children learning to begin how to clean. 
having healthy, energetic kids. 
I am a stay at home mom, and that all my kids are in school. 
I was able to stay home, and stay warm. 
Receiving support from Coble re: unemployment 
My Freedom 
Getting a compliment from my boss 
Today I am grateful for forward progress in my daughter's educational progress 
THANKFUL THAT I ANSWERED THE PHONE TODAY AND HEARD MY MOTHER'S SWEET VOICE...I FEEL BLESSED TO STILL HAVE HER. 
The energy to get up and do the laundry 
Shaun being there for me yesterday when I messed up. 
The weather forcast. 
my husband came home safely 
my dad insisted that I take tomorrow off cuz i'm sick. 
my family who has stuck with me for 29 years I am thankful that I can see them everday and on hoildays They are the best I am blessed.. 
not having to go to work today due to snow 
can work from home-it was a crazy cold day and I didn't have to go out at all today. 
being able to paint the bathroom 
My husband and children make my life great!! 
Waking up to my Mom's voice on the telephone. 
My Glambaby 
My vacuum cleaner which I thought had died.. just need some maintenance which I fixed on my own. 
I made kid happy by playing Sorry for 45 minutes 
Sonny built me a nice fire and moved the couch without complaining. 
did not have to work with shannon 
The first thing that brightened my day was watching my kids play hide and seek. 
job 
sitting outside and feeling the warmth of the sun on my body 
Yoga and gym 
I am able top provide comfortably for my kids 
my long term friendships from elementary, junior high and high school because the pure joy of connecting through Facebook has brought so much happiness to me. 
My bestie came and surprised me and we spent a couple hours catching up 
was able to get a 20 minute nap 
Possible decent job opportunities. 
waking up with someone special 
having a roof over my head and no mortgage payment. 
my friend asking me to come and live with her. 
Holding my son this morning and watching his smile light up his face. 
my steady, supportive husband who balances me so well! 
Letting my girls stay home from school and spending quality time witht hem on a bikeride with them and their daddy. 
My boss telling me of course you want to be paid this week its your Birthday week. 
My boys 
got 3 surveys that were very positive . 
Able to stay home with my children 
My family 
hearing that my child support was paid up and they owed me money! 
The sight of my children when they would climb in bed with me in the mornings 
Carlos' smile 
My son coming home from school 
my friend gave me a much needed ride 
waking up today. 
come home and feel welcomed. 
a pretty bad cold, we haven't had to use Wyatt's inhaler ONCE this time. 
The first thing that brightens the sound of my husband voice. 
The fuzzies being cute 
my dog loves me unconditionally 
Met with MK, Lori and CJ for catch up time. 
Rain 
have my girls at home helping financially 
was able to talk to an old friend today. 
have a freedom in my life to create whatever I want. 
My daughter and friends FB'd me with kind thoughts and words about my 27th anniversary today it was the fourth one without my husband who died in 2010 
a roof over my head 
I do not have to clean. 
waking up after having a good dream 
My parents 
My husband - who is always there to listen when I have had a bad day. 
didn't throw up today. 
did laundry 
My dad coming to my stay with me to help me out with my daily chores that has reduced my burden by approximately 60% 
greatfull to god for having a wonderfull wife 
watching my puppies play ball at the park 
My family and I had an argument free movie session last night 
Working successful with my love. 
the happiness and laughter that the kids bring to our home. 
Daniel and I made tasty steak and the kitchen is spotless! 
It's fantastic to have finished my studies and no longer have to worry about exams. 
Waking up and hearing little freya singing in the cot :) 
Quiet time I have in the morning while my kids still sleeping. 
my house is warm, 
my colleague Andrew who spends time reminding me who I really am! 
a happy thought 
My grandchildren 
Freedom to do as i want 
didn't have to commute, I sat in my lovely house in my onesie today. 
Woke up in an awesome city thanks to my job 
David's willingness to do just about anything 
It's Friday and I work from home today 
D- Mel agreed to go out to DINNER with me tonightW- She was willing to stop at WHOLE Foods to pick up some groceriesT- She THANKS me a lot- for helping her with school stuff, helping keep the house clean, handling admin, etc 
Great staff with positive attitudes 
Jack 
My dog Slept on my bed last night. 
Robert loves me so much. 
My wife is very good human, She make nice food for me and she is very good lady, i simply love her 
J'ai donenr du chocolat ames cooequiper 
the peace I feel at home. 
Getting my assignments done in one class 
Knowing that I had a yoga class to start off my day 
got to work early 
I slept 7 hours last night 
Furbaby snuggles 
Bad friendships 
Having the time to go to Madan on his first day of shadowing pre-school 
Cushion didn't need me for long. 
woke up next to my boyfriend. 
God 
Faith 
Being in a group of my piers at a new place I will be going to. 
Wonderful husband 
my daughter, she brings me happiness but she also encourages me which really no one else does. 
I didn't actually punch anyone in the face. 
pets 
Meghan texted me about how she felt that The Bachelor wedding aired on TV was much more meaningful then she thought it would be. 
nothing 
The first thing that brightened my day was talking things out with Kadar 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I felt refreshed and ready to go in the morning. 
have a home. 
The puppies did not make as much of a mess in the house today and seem to be getting along with the other animals better as well 
God My Family and Friends. 
my husband, he is so helpful with my horses. 
so thankful that my daughter is willing to get up a little earlier on school days to come snuggle with me for 15 minutes or so while we watch a favorite YouTube channel. 
the fire took our home, I called the Red Cross and worked with them and the Salvation Army to take care of our emergency needs. 
my children come to me for hugs all the time. 
got up early enough to help Finn get ready for school. 
Finn 
I had quiet time today 
My Crossfit class this evening brightened my day. 
Being able to keep on going despite how hard my life is. 
My baby's laughs, my friends encouragement and having a job 
got a raise 
my friend Sara. 
Chris for letting me chase my dream 
a day at home with my family. 
Having my first Grandchild and being able to share with family and friends 
have a great partnership with my husband, and his support and respect. 
Knowing My Daughter would be coming here today,to clean 
exercised, 
It snowed a ton last night so it was pleasant to wake up and be able to play in the snow. 
have a wonderful family. 
all of my kids are amazingly healthy and happy 
my service dog Rockxi who always there for me even when i'm stressed over homework/tests 
Getting some bills paid that were bothering me. 
inside jokes 
My boys are sweet, they love me and adore me and they are a lot of fun to be around. 
My Family 
The first thing that brightened my day was watching a video of a tiny baby laughing. 
Kitty kat laying next to me sleeping. 
prayed today.After period of nearly 6 months i chanted some Mantras . 
my nice comfy bed 
my husband. 
I have parents who let me live with them and have helped me through difficult and trying times in the last year, even from a distance--my friends too. 
Seeing my beautiful granddaughters Jayla and Malena when they awoke this morning and came downstairs to be with me. 
my daughter in law calls me and includes me in my granson's life. 
Having wifi, even if it's unstable. 
my daughter calls and tells me about her day. 
My children. 
my OWN place 
to have friends that genuinely want me to be happy and care about my well-being. 
I have a roof over my head.I am grateful that my partner loves me.I am grateful to my petsI am grateful I am removing clutter 
the kindness of my partnermy doghaving all the things we need good foodclean water 
preparing the skids for schoolgetting a task off of my to do listbeing with husband 
woke up this morning and worked on some goals. 
My marriage to my wonderful husband 
My team mate told me she was proud of h ow far I have come. 
the opportunity to work with NF through designing a facebook page. 
no traffic 
did an awesome haircolor on a great client that looked fabulous. 
Seeing my daughter, she makes my day. 
My son called 
My relationship with my grandma, being able to help her. 
Money, for the last few years we have had more than enough for bills and savings and to travel. 
Feeling that people there believe I can step up to the challenge of management. 
I have a job 
1. 
woke up to bright crispy beautiful day in north dakota. 
My daughter 
He is six years old. 
have a roof over my head and can pay my bills comfortably. 
Bad Relationships 
my sister living with us to be able to help with billssince clients aren't wanting to paymy husband putting up with my mood swings 
it rained today 
waking up seeing my lovely family 
My Kids! 
not so cold so grateful that I do not need the noisy heater on 
Waking up to my wonderful boyfriend. 
myinternet was working 
very grateful that I have a warm house 
My husband 
family 
My son 
Getting an enrollment scheduled with BH Realty from my friend Liz. 
Getting some chore done, which helps me organize my life better and feel better. 
having a roof over my head(Shelter) 
I get the time I have recently with my grandparents even though my grandpa is in the hospital. 
I was able to see my daughter today and catch up. 
Waking up with my puppy by my side and I asked her do we have to get up? and it was like she said NO. that made my day. 
having a wonderful daughter 
my friend Kat being here for me 
God hqs always been the one constent in my life.. 
my few good friends 
our family got to sit down and have dinner together, and talk about our day. 
was stuck in Atlanta just before Winter Storm Pax hit, and decided to drive home before the storm set in. 
Grateful to have a job to show up at. 
Taking my puppy for a walk first thing this morning. 
having a couple of moments to myself and a cup of coffee. 
Someone text me continue shining bright. 
my child 
went to bed early 
did part of my homework. 
all the love and help I receive from the people I live with. 
my 2 year old is napping and I have some time to do what I want to do without much interruption. 
We made it over the summit and back with no weather related problems. 
woke up 
1. 
The three things that I don't have to worry about are 1) I am out of a bad relationship now and I don't have to worry about what I do or who I talk to anymore because before he would get mad at me and accuse me of things that were not true and things that I would never do. 
A compliment from a customer 
(a patient that told me god bless you) 
just the plain fact that i went to work today 
my parents. 
woke up 
have God in my life. 
saw Christian this morning. 
not getting on trouble 
my kids 
My family because they are very good to me. 
Steve is loving and wants to spend time with me. 
I have employment at all 
Warmth from the cold 
made my desk area prettier and more functional. 
my husband because he understands me and diffuses situations that I am in that make me anxious. 
Not being married... because I am 
the heat and water in my house 
Brownie because she keeps me going. 
My children 
A cold nose to wake me up, and a warm belly to rub. 
have a good car 
André m'a laissé dormir jusqu'a 7h00 ce matin 
Bill home and safesupper in the freezerDeb calling about Saturday 
have amazing people in my life that are very supportive of me. 
my son. 
Norman and Bella let me sleep in and cuddled with me. 
Katie was happy with the man we made on her 100 days project. 
finally got the hang of this knitting stitch i have been having trouble learning. 
Got to Skype with my daughter and grand sons this morning, had a great time. 
It snowed today 
Getting time be by myself, to work on my personal issues, sing , dance, reflect and try to relax and grow. 
extremely grateful for great neighbors that are also like family. 
Socks 
had a lunch at my favorite place and met familiar elderly server there. 
My husband taking on more of the house work. 
My ex-husband 
being social with my family when I was home 
Music, professional status, fiends 
Having slept eight hours! 
I have this wonderful home to live in. 
I don't have to worry about the rest of February's rent and that Rolla has been paid on time. 
feel grateful for the fact that I'm self employed and that I have time to do my work. 
my for my husband. 
got sleep last night and this morning. 
my youngest daughter. 
a fireplace to make a fire in during the cold, harsh weather outside. 
i was able to buy the ingredients and make chili 
having God in my life to help guide me 
My granddaugher 
husband being supportive of weight loss. 
i am not out in th snow. 
The first thing that brightened my day was my son waking me from sleep, he is so sweet , seeing his smile first thing in the morning is a blessing! 
patient was happy 
My family 
The one thing that makes my life great is seeing my daughter succeed in life with little help as possible. 
We made it safe and sound to GR, where my daughter goes to college. 
conversations with my 15 year old daughter. 
daron, my family, being 2o 
Went shopping for my mother and delievered her groceries. 
My daughters 
Recognizing someone whom I had contacted over a year ago, and realizing I had been working with her. 
Tom made dinner 
family 
My son helped with dishes and did not complain 
Entertainment - t.v., books, computer. 
grandbabies 
slept in. 
Picking Sussey up out of her crib when she woke up this morning 
Writing about the first thing I am grateful for, has to be my significant other; Billy!Even though we have had to move and he was screwed out of his job with my son, by not being paid, and not gaining the employment promised him, he is still trying to find work with his foot being broken nearly a year ago now, that is not healing. 
woke up to the smell of fresh coffee. 
to have a roof over my head. 
The People who truly love and care about me. 
My cat loves me without reservation. 
1. 
my husband helped me out with the baby's bath today. 
VERY GREATFUL FOR GOD GIVING ME A SECOND CHANCE AT LIFE, YOU SEE, I AM A BREAST CANCER SURVIVOR. 
have been ill for 3 days, Today I'm feeling better. 
Waking up and deciding I was in a good mood from beginning to end. 
my understanding husband. 
Got up 
Family 
I have coworkers who care about me. 
Learning that my husband at age 26 had Duke's stage 4 colon cancer the second year of our marriage. 
tried to be busy in home chores tried to enjoy that 
I have my own bathroom 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing the gloom and fog outside of the window. 
My coworkers. 
My son was happy, helpful and outgoing today. 
My amazing siblings, all six are so hilarious and great company 
my former mail lady delivered my package and we chatted a bit 
When I went to get a scone from the Early Bird cafe, I exchanged greetings with Ruth and Aaron Meis. 
Getting help from an actual human to get health insurance underway. 
my friends checking in on me. 
Was able to sleep in a little bit, which is rare. 
made it to work and felt supported by our EA Administrator even though I lost a dear friend who died. 
The first thing that brightened my dad was my husband taking care of the baby in the morning so I could sleep a little longer. 
1. 
my children..though I wished I had more children. 
A husband that tries to help me through the rough patches and never gives up. 
took a shower early this morning 
I got to spend the evening with my boys. 
I am a Christian and can go to church in the middle of the week. 
worked on my studies for an hour today. 
It was warmer out and I felt relaxed about helping Jackie today in the AM. 
Workiong on garage sale items, 
laying down with Guin for nap time looking into her big beautiful eyes snuggling and listening to her prattle even though she's supposed to fall asleep 
my children had such a great first day back in CCSD. 
so grateful that our 9 week old son is allowing me to get enough sleep to function well during the day. 
My husband brought dinner home as I asked 
told me he is not blaming me 
My husband takes amazing care of me 
Healthy pregnancy, health, my family is healthy 
Sun shining. 
Got the car checked for oil leaks 
Angie and Nick Stopped by for the first time in 1.5 years, was nice to see my son who hasnt been speaking to me. 
getting things packed 
Snow day with my kids. 
There was one pain au chocolat left for me 
An old co-worker that I rarely see came over from out of town for a long walk out on the ocean cliffs and then we had a nice lunch on the wharf. 
was able to cook meals for my family, especially for Tony, who seemed to really enjoy dinner. 
my husband and my two beautiful children 
The first thing was my Daughter. 
Being able to do my crafts, be on my computer, talk to my girls in my support group on the phone anytime, and lastly being by myself. 
We have blended two families into one. 
Sun shining through my bedroom window 
was able to work on a quilt today for my little boy. 
1. 
When my Grandpa died. 
spent time with my sister today, one-one-one, for the first time in a long, long time. 
Very close to my husband, and have a very good marriage 
my fuzzy little friends who sleep with me. 
Ron sharing his knowledge to help friends. 
Actually starting a project that I had been neglecting for over a week. 
The sink was fixed- I'm thankful for the landlord! 
waking up healthy. 
Friends and family that I care about and who care about me. 
a husband who works so hard to take care of me. 
Employees 
Finding an old friend on facebook 
Receiving a birthday greeting from a friend made me smile 
My husband had a reasonably better pain day. 
waking up this morning. 
a supportive Boss. 
The weather 
truly grateful for the home in which I live. 
snuggling with the puppy 
Thankful for being able to stay home 
my husband and I got a night out to so something we enjoy. 
I"m Thankful I have God in my life 
Didn't eat anything too bad 
One thing that makes my life great is my sense of humor, and ability to look back on difficult things and be able to laugh about them rather than continue to be angry 
The first thing that brightned my day was...The dogs were really good today and snuggly. 
my son didn't argue that much 
Got to sleep in late/husband fed dogs. 
The security of my husbands love and devotion to not only me, but to my children and their well being too. 
My husband showed me he noticed and was proud of me when he came home and got me an Eva (a character I like) because he was proud I made good moral judgement calls that were really hard for me to make and didn't back out. 
wake up to my baby son and his dad 
Grateful that I came home early for a nap - I think the emotional stress over the last week is finally catching up with me so coming home early for a quick nap felt amazing 
Loved spending the morning with Kate, having fun and not being rushed to get to school or work. 
1. 
Took the dog for a walk, actually got caught in the rain but it was still nice to get out for a walk. 
my coal stove was running very good this morning. 
my wonderful husband - he takes care of my needs - I was cold he got me a space heater I was hot he got me a window a/c..if I text that I have a craving fot donuts he brings home donuts / I have to be careful what I say to him 
Albina said she liked my dress 
Patricia Hanisch and lying to clients 
knowing my sister was coming to town 
very grateful for my cjildren. 
my husband and children 
have enough money 
very grateful for my husband and son.they hug and kiss me every day and say i love you many times a day. 
friends at work 
Jean texted me and set up a time to talk today. 
Finally said no to being with unavailable Jake. 
The little cupcake drawing that a student made me 
my parents were sleeping when i got up 
A man waiting and holding the door open for me at a store 
the joy my dog brings me every day with his goofy attempts to play and learn. 
finally found out, at late age what wonderful creatures’ cats are!! 
Grateful that the dryer was working without a problem. 
- No more going through Fertility treatments and stressing out about whether or not we'll have children..already parents to 2... 
Vacation....very soon 
luih 
My beautiful boys smiles and hugs. 
my children 
Ms. Polonetsky's class of Kindergarteners, who make even the worst days more bearable. 
the people I work with can be called friends. 
received an email asking me for a reunion for a job application I made. 
health 
people who understand me truely 
I didn't have to go to work today because I am feeling so upset today. 
The companionship of my husband. 
my mom calls me first thing in the morning almost every day, including today. 
The fact that I have a good support system of family and friends 
had a good laugh with my wife. 
New alarm clock mode is making it easier to get out of bed on time. 
truly grateful for the roof i have over my head, which i share with my mother! 
Not having to go to college even though its a Thursday 
Я поговорил по-русски с коллегой, которому рассказал про то, что я его пытался догнать, а они свернули к морю)) Вместе посмеялись. 
healthy and usually pain-free. 
the time i spent with Jesse after work snuggling this morning. 
I have a home 
Mom and Christmas. 
I had managed to do a lot of work for the past weeks and that my relationship with my partners improved 
Life, love that I have received in live. 
good listener 
Getting my presentation done and Terence being nice about it. 
Work:1. 
have *amazing* friends and family 
My passport: it gives me the ability to go places to be with the people I care about, serves as my ID and allows me to explore the world! 
He's really trying to be on my team. 
My husband helps with kids, outside errands and grocery shopping. 
surrounded by people who love and appreciate me. 
How well my kids are doing academically in school. 
My daughter, she makes me so happy, her laugh, how much she admires me, my friends, how much they love me, how much they admire me 
hugging Jeff in the morning 
woke up with clear tasks that I was motivated to do. 
having a healthy family. 
didnt have to wake up early. 
My friend Melissa understands me like no one else. 
my sons doctors appointment when great and that he wasn't hurt or cried. 
Good meeting with the guys taking some responsibility for delivery 
the beautiful snowflakes coming down 
c 
Friend of the family had her baby yesterday, beautiful healthy boy!! 
the first thing i was grateful for today was that i woke up without my head feeling sore 
The beautiful and healthy kids I put on this earth 
The thought of seeing Chase today. 
You look better with your hair up. 
My children are happy to see me when I greet them at home. 
got my lost cc back 
made valentine cards for my family and encouraged family members to do it. 
capable of getting up early..I don't like to sleep in the morning time...I wake up....I did exercise yesterday and today. 
sunrise 
The sun was really bright this morning and it was just a pretty looking day. 
When the kids are getting along (helping each other, etc.) 
My daughter, she's adorable and so loving. 
having my own roof above our head 
the sun was shining 
I got to spend a nice day with my grandma 
the people that ask me how they can help me 
made some money working 
have a roof over my head 
Ginny's laugh 
so grateful for my daughter Savannah and her strong support. 
was a 2 hour delay this morning! 
Me and my mom are getting along better. 
antonella thanked me for the braclets i made and gave to her over christmas 
Invented an excellent dessert. 
my friends keep in touch even when I'm being an absent friend. 
Got to see my best friend and Got to eat lunch with her 
Get my nails done 
my little dog who always sticks her head through the cat flap when I come up the stairs 
Getting a cuddle from my boys. 
was so happy when one of my team member send my a link with her new job in CV. 
Grateful that I seem to be getting my health back a bit more 
O namorado fez uma atividade para agradar o meu pai 
My students in 5th period. 
The first thing that brightened my day was knowing the first patient and her daughter 
survived an anxiety attack at work. 
alive. 
Being able to snuggle with Luna in the morning today 
waking to my phone's chime 
my best friend is making the effort to come to my birthday 
I have accomplished cleaning the bedrooms and the house with the help of Ate Ebing. 
exploring unknown territory 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up knowing that my mom wasn't sleeping on the floor anymore, and that I'm much closer to graduating than I thought I was. 
so grateful for my loving husband...he not only supports and cares for me, as I do him, but with him I am a better person. 
to my boss that he placed me on the project I'd asked 
was able to reach my sister by text. 
Amanda sent me a text thanking me for being open to God - one of the words I had given her last quarter had been answered recently and she took the time to send me a note about it. 
Love 
Роллы и праздник с Сашей! 
being loved 
always thank who so ever do even a little thing for me,like my attendent or caretaker 
I have such a kind and best husband 
Getting a task done 
Friends 
used my brand new Jack Lalanne juicer for the first time yesterday and made my favorite "small ball" juice: beet, carrot, & apple. 
Älskad för den jag är. 
My Boss listened to a problem which I was being made responsible by others and stood by me to solve it. 
family lives so close its convenient when we need to help them or to have dinner etc. 
Yesterday I gave Carrie a good reference and she is starting a new job. 
Emily 
1. 
Enjoyed a very healthy breakfast. 
got a compliment on one of my new outfits. 
My warm home. 
having a son, who i love most in my life 
woke up feeling refreshed from a lot of sleep and not hungover from last night's margaritas. 
began to address the mapping problem 
My puppy was sweet this morning. 
Reading about resistance and realizing that I am not a victim. 
Got paid 
was only 3 minutes late for work despite waking up an hour late 
dogs cats in bed 
Thankful my son finished his chores 
to live with my 2 ones 
Matt offered to make me a hot drink this morning because he wanted to look after me because I wasn't feeling well 
We caught a mouse 
Eine angenehmes Kundengespräch 
It wasn't cold outside and the sun was shining 
My famly 
Able to get dinner done on time. 
One thing that makes my life great is that I get to show others my art and creativity. 
getting my morning hug from Nate who slept in my bed and Ami waking up in a good mood - Noam also was happy and smiling - I guess bc he has a sore throat and gets to stay home from school 
Meeting my husband for a 'date' lunch. 
My cats 
to have family. 
Great day at the Phoenix Botanical Garden and saw amazing work by Chichuli. 
my dad is doing well 
Molly 
AL's bone marrow is clean. 
My husband told me I was beautiful. 
I have a house to come home to. 
Everyone is home, no activities 
Everyone at work has been very supportive of me while we are all working towards getting healthier by dieting and exercising. 
not currently in a relationship, and since, due to poor personal choices, all of my past relationships have been pretty stressful, that is one thing I don't have to worry about. 
Min lärare Stefan 
Made a new connection/friend - Courtney 
School papers 
the sun was out and the weather warmer. 
Connie shared an article about Yoga with me 
When I called in to take the day off, Sara's voice was soft and sympathetic. 
my loving partner who supports me through tricky situations in a safe and constructive way 
Making a good dinner out of things that I had lying around and having it taste good. 
my daughter 
Noticed my positive influence on someone else 
had time to sit with Kobi and we worked on the letters of her name. 
Exercise for the 5th day in . 
One thing that i am grateful for that i was able too sit on my butt all day and relax with no intrusions. 
Got 8 hours of sleep 
My girlfriend made coffee. 
my basketball program and the new coaches we got this year. 
my children came home safe and happy 
Макс сказал, что ему уютно и приятно в нашей компании. 
My wife's support and ability to push meto be a better person. 
God & Life 
My husband 
was swimming all day yesterday with friends 
help from my step bro 
finally spoke with my brother. 
New books! 
Jesse cheerfully helped move things out of the garage. 
Eating 
husband preparing dinner. 
le gardiennage de mes enfants 
my friend Michael talking to me for 4 hours 
1. 
1. 
worked hard and did a good job at the wedding! 
often listen to music today karma Kid makes me sooooo happy 
went with Campbell to his step-sister's engagement even though I was tired and hungover and had to go at short notice. 
my father called me and we had a nice chat after I sent him a text message. 
Train the Trainers - Finland. 
my children and am so happy to have them in my life 
Don't have to deal with my old neighbours in mt evelyn, who were incredibly selfish and rude. 
my children are very important - they fill my life with happiness 
My bathroom is very close to completely organized and I have spent time sorting through the bag of makeup - I enjoy sorting and organizing and under the sink will be doable this week 
1. 
Grateful for daughters being home tonight 
my mum 
The ride to work made me feel fit and free. 
Friends who are negative and make me feel bad. 
Mum. 
A lady came up to me and said I looked beautiful. 
Breakfast this morning with Taylor, Duncan, and Carl 
Peter and I watched a family video. 
The fire. 
JJ is keeping an open mind about the add issue, maybe even almost on board. 
seeing a bird fly above the car 
I got to go outside and play on the snow hills with my daughter. 
The examples given, are true for me! 
my husband complete the shower in the bathroom! 
Financial problem 
cup of coffee, 3 sausage rolls, but then concerned about putting on weight 
Pam sent me a 'love you' email before she left on her trip. 
family 
Adem 
got myself bathed, dressed, and made up- before noon. 
The first thing that brightened my day was my quiet time. 
Living with my family. 
My dog 
had my coffee and cinnamon rolls. 
the sun was shinning 
God 
Sunshine, and sleeping in. 
shes always there for me when ever i have a problem 
Mike letting me wear his Seahawk jersey and going out to get me cereal in the morning 
It was bright and sunny 
Seeing my mother 
yesterday's meetings 
our small misunderstanding, Lara and I were a bit far from each other. 
my dad because his experience taught me a lot in life. 
Exercising and meditating in the morning made my day more energetic. 
played the game candy crush 
1. 
Thinking about James 
my dog and being able to relax in my beautiful warm home today. 
I have a home to take care of and clean. 
The first good thing I did today was helping Michi clean up her house after Adrianas party. 
went swimming. 
aaaa 
A hug from John 
actually full of ideas, potential and possibility. 
My 5 year old daughter was feeling better after spending the weekend in bed with a virus. 
Waking up with Graham 
my mother was sweet to me 
My family 
Had dinner with mummy 
being able to be on the internet at work to help me sort out these negative thoughts towards a coworker. 
the relationships with referral sources that I have developed. 
One pleasant surprise was seeing how excited Kayla was to see me after her fieldtrip. 
always invited along to go snowboarding 
Health 
my three beautiful boys and my wonderful little girl in heaven my sister shes an absolute gem and my best friend pascal , my cycling ,singing and socialising. 
Fun morning talking about the Super Bowl. 
Deven and Phillip drove down from tampa just to visit me. 
take a shower and stay in the room watching tv 
was able to spend quality time with my mom over soup and vegetables last night. 
A weekend in Peak district booked this weekend with Ray. 
My little boy telling me he loves me when he woke up this morning. 
I have food on the table, a roof over my head and everyhing that I need. 
commute is really easy2.Got recognised by friends that i did night shift3.Found nice people4.Thought great for normal seniors5.motivated 
was able to stay home with Sparky to finish my homework and get a good night's sleep after a really good night. 
Seeing a gold finch at my feeder. 
have friends that always reach out to me and ask how i'm doing. 
The thought I'll go to bombay brightened my day 
having a life with my husband 
The friendly working environment. 
Putting on my Hunter rain boots. 
just to be employed. 
Spending the day with my boyfriend, who despite his difficult way of being, is tryng to make an effort to travel with me. 
Waiting for the team to put the patient inside the OR for a c-section,in a night shift!! 
I got to work with a colleague who is very knowledgeable and professional. 
Family 
The first thought is - I'm thankful I can have a lazy day today. 
independmant and free 
my children 
alive 
texted Barb about skiing tomorrow and she said yes 
The first thing that brightened my day was looking outside into the rainfall. 
Stayed in pajamas all day 
Darin's dad letting me use his phone until I get one that I can talk to Darin with. 
Joey drove his truck to help Ashley move stuff out of storage and get it into her new house in St. Pete. 
woke up feeling good! 
Thinking about coffee 
Steve called me just to say hi and see if I was working. 
got up and did a great workout even when I really didn't want to because my body hurt. 
coffee 
Interview with Dr. Lofton 
finding out Insurance was covering our water mess. 
have a loving boyfriend 
Not drinking 
Healthy family, no close relative has died, and everyone has great health 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up with Snoopy next to me. 
my kids 
being employed 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting a nice rental car. 
The first thing that brightened my day today was getting to stay home with my husband. 
1. 
My life is great because I have a wonderful career ahead of me with loving friends and family supporting me. 
The first thing that brightened my day was my delicious omelette and freshly squeezed orange juice in the morning. 
woke up feeling nauseous and just wanted to go back to bed, but I had to go to a doctor's appointment. 
Roxi was snuggled up with me, and all the dogs were on the bed. 
Being greeted by Makari when I got home 
Julie's promotion 
Having enough to eat 
Leslie made me breakfast 
Grateful for family that has been there to help us out of a financial problem. 
my children 
Boyfriend, always seems to be here for me even if I'm bitter and negative. 
The first thing that brightened my day was having a quiet yogurt and some computer time before the boys woke up. 
was happy to have the day off 
Talked to friends on Facebook about Downton Abbey 
My son happily babbling in his crib when he woke up this morning. 
my husband did some of the gro.shopping so I wont have to stress over so much in such a little time frame 
Zev is healthy and safe. 
A thankful customer 
Firstly the greeting my beautiful daughter lovingly gave me this morning, lifting my spirits . 
didn't crash in the snow 
My daughter Ashley 
my grandson Wyatt 
started in late afternoon and finished the laundry the same day! 
When I can create art it makes my life great 
I was able to go to my moms today and visit and help her with what she needed 
Tom & I were able to meet with a longtime friend for dinner yesterday. 
Feeling appreciation for my sister 
Sashi-- because she helps me get in touch with my heart. 
My computer-- because I can write comfortably, and it works much better. 
Stella, My cat. 
My boss asked me to complete a task and I was able to do it in record time. 
My life is great because I have the most adorable, smart and funny babies a mother could ask for. 
No new snowfall! 
Students who follow directions 
got to share some cheese cake. 
saw Rabbit lying on the doormat. 
Saying Hi to everyone at work 
got an inv ite to movies 
The snow had fallen over night and my son had a snow day from school. 
getting my hair done 
have a great roommate 
Seemy daughters beautiful face 
Waiting for my baby girl, my husband, and my pup 
Esmu pateiciga, ka varu but kopa ar savu mammu. 
The first thing that brighten my day was, I got a chance to reunite with one of my best friends on the phone today. 
finishing the work night and looking forward to 3 days off 
My girlfriend let me make her breakfast and it was gluten free grilled cheese (which she hasn't had in years) and soup. 
waking up at 8 am 
was motivated to wake up and workout 
My kids 
woke up today feeling more rested and have so far been a lot less sleepy. 
Linda. 
Walk with aneesah to school 
Marianne qui m'a fait rire! 
Sarah got a good result from the hospital 
Snow Day!! 
My family, ive been blessed with an amazing family...just watching them makes me feel stronger 
A good night's sleep and the amazing weather 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I was called a wizard by my boss. 
It hasn't been brightened yet. 
Getting ready for Harshus wedding and looking and feeling good 
my boss was thinking of me and didn't want me to drive on the icy unsafe roads, so told me to work from home or Lowry campus if I wanted to. 
Working things out with Rachel 
ran into Jasmine on Talbot Ave and she seemed like her old chipper self. 
all the positive relationships in my life with my family, my parents even the people I hardly know that affects me in positive ways. 
had an easy commute. 
got to sleep in and make myself breakfast. 
Friends keep telling me that they believe in me and are inspired by my determination to succeed. 
Comm apps students being very creative with the activity i assigned them 
my son smiling and thanking me after school for bringing him a sandwich. 
seeing the sun shine 
enrolled in the college 
brooke asked if i wanted to hang out 
Shane immediately wanted to spend time with me after not getting a callback at my audition. 
My team meeting and celebrating Tim's birthday. 
having such a sensitive child. 
my safe home 
My daughters Jacie & Jenna. 
Playing ball with Lily and Kona 
Hearing the chirp of a bird in my front yard. 
great people working today 
kindness from my B/F 
My husband is extremely patient with me, and understanding. 
of an abusive relationship and in a healthy one. 
It was a beautiful sunny day 
No outside stressers 
Spent time on the phone with overseas boyfriend. 
Getting my work done without interruption 
My babies 
My hubby goes to work every day. 
being healthy. 
A lot of caring thoughts and messages on facebook. 
The first thing that brightened my day was a message about a possible job from a friend. 
a family who loves me unconditionally! 
my health. 
I have a roof over my head 
My daughter came in my room when she was sick this morning. 
When I really am stressed out the two oldest will do chores willingly sometimes without asking. 
have a place to call home 
i woke up. 
to be able to see so many of my family members each week- spouse, mother-in-law, daughter-inlaw, son, and 3 grandsons. 
flowers from Bob yesterday 
my home 
Mark's efforts to keep the house warm this winter by making sure we have wood for heat. 
Going to the gym 
God s wisdom 
My son's smile this morning when we woke up. 
having a job 
the facebook movie that reminded me of many of the good parts of life in the last 5 years. 
sunshine on a winter day in Oregon 
it was sunshiney today for a change 
I had good cases, and I could make them relax and laugh. 
Nora was very cooperative and calm. 
own my home 
Everyone is healthy 
Two new, beautiful students from Pakistan...so excited to meet them and teach them! 
Tea 
My daughter spent time with me and took me to my MRI/MRA today. 
Grateful for a healthy son who made dinner tonite. 
My freedom to write my mother's story with her. 
very grateful for my husband Rick 
health 
1. 
My personal family 
lived to see another day. 
Helen Jean. 
awoke in less pain than yesterday and felt more relaxed and hopeful I could do things today 
The first thing that brightened my day was being woke up by my 3 year old grandson, Embry. 
Claude m'a accompagné au bord de l'eau 
Ma mère et ma famille sont définitivement éloignés. 
My son. 
A post about how to stop snoring 
That my dogs where happy to see me 
Cailey was happy to see me and greeted me with a hug. 
Liam- He is no longer a drain on my emotions, time, or finances. 
Talked to my friend Nance 
enjoying sex with my boy friend 
my husband. 
Cherie was home this morning and Cali cam home. 
My sister called to keep me updated on the early snow dismissal schedule. 
Emily told me I was "the best" and that her Daddy is "the best" and said,, "we must be the best family!" 
A friend emailed me unexpectedly. 
My son took me to lunch. 
Camera 
spoke with my childhood best friend, April this morning after 25 years of losing touch. 
husband made dinner and is supportive 
concussionsKatyneck injuries 
to get up and be alive 
MY BACK DID NOT HURT AS BAD AND I SLEPT BETTER 
Michelle liked my shirt/pants combo. 
have an amazing husdand who helping me in the family organisation. 
Tasting of the coffee 
knowing I was going out to the store. 
Having food 
son's phone call 
the extra time I got to spend with Bella today. 
took a late lunch because I wasn't tired or overwhelmed. 
my kids 
bad relationshipsexual abuse 
Having a warm place to live 
my wonderful sons cuddling with me. 
waking up each day 
the many friends who have stuck with me over the years even if we do not get to see each other very often. 
got my puzzle completed! 
get to spend quiet time by myself. 
the beautiful scenery that I see as I drive to and from work 
my husband who I love, and who loves me. 
Thankful for my family. 
My husband 
Having a beautiful big bed and time to sleep. 
my boss bought me and my son lunch. 
Husband 
Talking to my boss about a possible promotion.0 
The first thing that brightened my day was the thought that I hadn't died from the very bad seizure I had. 
was able to enjoy a nature trail walk just my husband and I. 
was appreciated at work. 
when I got home from a VERY long day at work dinner was already made and my son had already started his homework. 
I have people in my life who are willing to help me have a better quality of life 
My daughter is healthy 
have shelter 
my family, I am grateful for my boys. 
Matthew going out to get groceries on payday. 
nothing 
Peter might be coming my way. 
My Mother is no longer in my life by my choice because she doesn't treat me well and I am better off with her out of my life. 
Daisy and Mutley greeting me in the morning 
spending time with Andrea. 
have wanted to be a mother ever since I was young playing with my dolls. 
having lunch with my team today at Chili's. 
don't have to worry about moving for awhile because I am in my own home and have a payment that I can afford. 
Knowing that i am a step closer to getting better.(getting 
nothing 
The Green family was glad to see me, and thanked me for my help. 
I have a safe place to live & a loving family to help me through hard times. 
my son Wyatt. 
New car! 
Cuddles in bed with M & R 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting a great compliment from a coworker. 
had a wonderful day of teaching. 
pushed through my hesitation, called my friend and told her I was depressed and worried that I wouldn't be much use for our project meeting. 
Food/eating 
Being slim 
God 
A phone call from Diamond Foods 
my children. 
The extra foam layer I bought for my bed because the original mattress had weird springy bits that hurt my back. 
Fathima for offering help for tomorrow. 
Pela forma com que venho me aproximando dos meus pais com conversas mais verdadeiras a respeito dos valores mais importantes da vida. 
my family is together. 
I have a job and can support my family. 
Only 3 more years to go before last one turns 18. 
Teacher said I was great 
Talked with my best friend over coffee 
my new tool 
was finally able to get the couch and chair finally spot cleaned. 
don't have to stress over comments and actions of certain family members. 
was able to talk for the first time in weeks. 
The first thing that brightened my day was receiving surprise coffee from J 
Someone offering to ring my lunch order through for me 
finished my discussion board post on coaching 
had to take a test today for work that I have been studying for about a month! 
My dogs were exceptionally well behaved today, given that there was a contractor crew of 4 in & out all day. 
Waking up with James 
No annoying e-mails 
My husband's illness 
my friends are willing to help me when I'm in a jam, like when I had an emergency cancellation of a keynote speaker--my friend Gail stepped up at the very last minute and did the talk! 
my mom and that she always stands by me. 
Avoided road rage with deep breaths multiple times 
The first thing I am grateful for is that Carol called up to make sure I was coming to her Baby Shower 
worked two jobs and was homeless part of the time. 
Some girl randomly bought me an $8 meal. 
Seeing my fiance 
my kids are with me. 
living every day with my son 
when i was a littel girl my mom yellow me all the time... 
my dogs. 
good friends 
had the day off 
slept somewhat normal lol 
Waking up,having healthy children,and a roof over my head peple that love me 
my boyfriend buys lunch and we watch movies together 
got to sleep in late. 
awakening 
when I posted about my unorthodox lifestyle on Facebook, I had a whole crowd of people who offered their support, and gave me positive feedback about my bravery, and my passion. 
don't have to worry about losing my job anymore. 
Comforter 
the coffee was made this morning and nothing was said when I forgot to pick up the poop. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting to go out in the snow, and stepping in a snow-drift up to my knees. 
Actually getting up on time and having that amount of time to get ready and not feeling afraid of what i needed to get done..no matter how small it may seem.. 
Buying new clothes at lunchtime just because I felt like it. 
having a really nice place to live. 
my kids 
Waking up next to the man I'm falling in love with 
was thankful that my son went down without a problem 
sunny day, thanking God for a great day 
my dogs 
Truck is running in the bad weather. 
did not drink alcohol to deal with my sadness. 
Driving myself to work and listening to classical music the whole way at a volume that I prefer. 
the coworker who gave me a ride to work while I look for a replacement vehicle. 
We had a snow day and hubby stayed home and we relaxed. 
Straightening up my bedroom. 
my daughters 
I am alive and have so many things to experience. 
Definitely being out of my bad relationship with Michael. 
my son 
My home 
Bought my first pair of red heels 
have a roof over my head, food on the table and the love of my family and friends. 
Seeing Cameron 
the nice person who trained me today. 
got to visit with my daughter in law and then go to eat with my son and daughter in law 
loftie snow blowing 
My Husband 
My Computer & Internet accessMy Power chair 
The memories i have make my life great! 
got to wake up next to my husband 
I was able to have the day off from work today to spend with my children. 
Our family enjoyed a snow day. 
was grateful I got an extra day off this week to catch up on house cleaning and couponing. 
Cleaning bathroom 
Getting my hair done. 
The ice/snow wasnt as bad as it was predicted, 
Going to work...I'm lucky 'cause I like my job and enjoy the time I spend at work. 
supportive friends 
Seeing my granddaughter lying next to me. 
i have such a loving grandmother to take care of me. 
woke up again in San Diego, where I have always wanted to be! 
playing with my cat he loves attention 
1. 
job has great people to work for. 
I am able to meet new people and offer employment. 
don't have to worry about the safety of my son now that he is home and participating in N.A. and A.A. And he is also beginning to get help with PTSD 
woke up with my hubbie and scooter in a warm and comfy bed. 
Einstein! 
My son had a snow day 
Have a job I'm good at 
Grandchildren 
Ren, helping keep our home clean and dinner ready. 
Birthday encouragement from Jennifer 
My husband and I apologized for what we said in a fight. 
Lunch conversation with Lia and Whitney and Miriam. 
Grateful to have a job to go to. 
Bob offering to get me autos at the DOTD con. 
My husband 
Snowed in and didn't have to work. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my poodle-Nicky. 
My students really responded well to the readings for today. 
the dinners either I or Karen prepared are ready when I am home after work. 
Graduating college and moving forward 
Family 
My son makes my life great. 
my late sister, Dee. 
My children brought me coffee in bed (I have a broken foot). 
Waking up to sunshine and a rather warm dayfor this time of yr 
my cat for company 
the time I spent cuddling with my husband on the couch. 
prayed and had quiet time. 
getting a shower and doing my make up 
talking with Sam 
1. 
got to spend time with my grandson 
My physical therapist 
Sunshine 
daughter came over on her break between classes and spent a couple hours with me ; ) 
ive been able to do homework easily without having to try and ignore all the distractions. 
my daughter is my care giver and we had a good day today. 
had my granddaughter last night and today till 6:00 p.m.I only get her one night a week, i called the police on my daughter two Saturdays ago. 
Alec said he loved me 
my bebe Antonio, and my dogs 
My cat snuggling with me 
was playing with my dog and I realized my face actually hurt from smiling so much. 
I have a home and heat in my home. 
It was so easy to get my car to the garage and then enjoyed a great coffee and word find. 
My parents are financially supportive of my children and are willing to give their resources and their time to help my children grown while allowing me to pursue my endevours so I can take care of them better. 
Getting to stay home to work because of the snow. 
Having somewhere to live 
Kids are ok today 
have job security 
so grateful to be waking up in a warm house. 
I have a place for my son and I to live. 
It was really helpful for me to begin working through the AoP material again. 
when my alarm went off the first two songs were favorites - especially the 2nd one (American Authors Best Day of my Life 
to have found a kind, sweet man willing to open his heart and space to me and my fuzzy kitty companion. 
My grandsons make me feel loved and make me smile 
can play piano and sing any song 
to my husband for making all the meals today 
1. 
was very grateful today for my husband's willingness and happy attitude while allowing me a good deal of personal time this morning to take a shower and get ready for the day. 
alex cleaned the livingroom 
read a peom that reminded me of dave 
a really good ice cream 
Jr helped with dinner 
1. 
My lunch was paid for today 
A significant person called me a, "forever friend" today. 
My new puppy waiting for me in his cage. 
my husband Dale and our two sons Dale and Marty, plus our dog Rascal. 
The first thing I am great-full for is that I was able to take care of a few persistant problems that affect my family in the long run 
My dental appointment 
my beautiful cat jiggy even though he is very sick he keeps going 
My Doctor visit was positive, no heart problems. 
The first thing that brightened my day was meeting Danny at Paul Mitchell The School. 
the clients 
woke up to a beautiful morning 
had the rugs cleaned 
Students who help me grade. 
My wonderful Husband who gets up early with me to help drive all of the kids to school. 
bought a huge bottle of wine at a great price. 
My boyfriend is really sweet, If I am feeling a bit under the weather, he will call and wake me up after I take a nap. 
A customer had a small blunder today but was a good sport about it. 
was able to buy 2 things on my cousin's registry for her new baby and send them to her. 
A compliment from a new gentleman on POF 
have a wonderful and loving husband 
Soft warm bed...billowy sheets of white..powder puffs of comfort. 
had plenty of work 
The kids got a snow day and then my class was canceled. 
1. 
seeing my grandson, and his parents, for dinner 
that im not homeless 
the living space I have, and making it my own. 
Lunch with my boss 
my grandkids 
My son Justin. 
got to Skype with Todd tonight. 
Tickets for Lorde concert 
Tierre finished Anais's Tardis purse 
Mike and I get along well. 
My connection with dogs. 
My dogs keep me going 
Jaiden and I spent time together. 
Thankful that I have a roof over my head 
woke up 
My boss wasn't being her normal self so she was easier to deal with. 
I got to spend some quiet time with my favorite cat Sasha. 
have a roof over my head, food on the table and my children to share it with. 
weather was good. 
my social group as I have had various people call me from my work environment to see how I was doing and offering to be a reference for a future job. 
Friends talked to me today. 
A loving fiance who cares about me and wants to make me happy all the time. 
every day for my wife; for the understanding she has for how i feel about my work and what I do. 
Owning my own home 
family 
did not have to go into work today because of the winter weather. 
Adam lets me sleep in almost every day. 
woke up 
my good health and my healthy children. 
my mother helping me to keep a roof over mine and my childrens' heads, and that she is healthy enough where I am not having to take care of her, yet. 
mom number two send me a book in the mail with positive daily quotes just because she saw it and thought of me 
Today I checked my supermarket loyalty account after receiving some vouchers and discovered I had more than twice as many money off vouchers than I thought I had. 
Thankful for feeding me. 
JoB pays heaps of attention to me 
One thing that makes my life great is the beautiful city that I live in. 
My beautiful own room 
got some really good feedback from the 1st fuel learning course I delivered 
my relationship with the Lord is strengthening. 
I have the opportunity to work from home and don't have to drive at work today. 
not today but in the last weekhouse work,hate doing it,but love when it's done lol 
Day out with Audrey,nice mother and daughter time 
That i am alone, away from the people who didn't love me truly. 
my husband keeps the house warm for me at all times. 
a loving husband as I feel cherished. 
the sun came through the blinds in my bedroom in the afternoon 
My child 
meeting with friends for brunch 
Sun is shining today 
my family 
my wife and children 
I almost always have the cleaning supplies I need in order to keep my house as clean as I prefer it to be. 
I got patty's flower display put together without any more grief than i did. 
help my mom sewing a buddhist picture. 
That Binky, Rosie, Angus and Nessie all gave me snuggles cause I was poorly. 
Options 
Dealing with funeral arrangements for a dysfunctional family. 
have good health and can enjoy active recreational 
the abundance of avocados and healthy food to bring for lunch. 
getting day off at work 
Chris brought me dinner 
$ 
got to hang out with some new friends I made at school. 
New friends & close family. 
being able to be living closer to my family because I spent six months away due to financial hardship among other family issues. 
Special one Messaged me on Skype after a long gap 
A warm cup of coffee when I got up this morning. 
My children are happy and healthy. 
being a mother 
the way my son is thriving. 
being able to pay my rent 
We have nice, thoughtful customers who are a pleasure to work with. 
being alive 
packed/ate fruits for work today. 
it matters to me that my mom is so supportive about Diego. 
My family 
Going to a yoga class with my favorite instructor! 
Husband 
my husband took my child to school so that I did not have to go out into the snow. 
the health of all of my friends and family. 
taking a walk to see all the nice old house of the village 
to have roommates who care about me. 
learned how to love myself. 
my nice apartment. 
Thankful i have both my brother and my best friend there in times of need and when i need someone to be around 
wanted to do a phd in a really good uni, i was so scared i might not get through. 
My children - who are lovely and wise and kind and funny 
my neighbor goes walking with me! 
The first thing that brightened my day was when my dad told me that my grandma called and sent her love. 
A friend sending me random funny text messages 
to my pare they had done alot for me nts and family 
Bb 
Being a support system for my friend who is going through a rough Breakup right now, being trusted enough to share in their feelings and helpful recovery. 
I have a lovely peaceful home 
my warm, solid home that protects us from wind, cold, heat, rain and snow. 
i can work from home and be here for my kids 
Jazzi smiling and happy when I woke her up. 
saw two beautiful blue jays outside on the deck this morning :) 
anni 
grate for the wonderful shower i had thismorning. 
My cat 
Being able to have some alone time to self care 
Waking my teen-aged daughter to go to school at 5:30am. 
Kirk 
made a fire in the fireplace to keep my 95 year old father warm on a cold day 
was able to study today, which sometimes proves to be a task 
Stopped during my morning walk to pet a yellow lab and visit with her owner for a few minutes. 
Working out a deal 
My FAMILY 
help someone feel better 
chatting with Alex on the phone - sharing videos, hanging out ... enjoyed his enjoyment of his fb video 
Grateful that I was able to take my son to school 
A home 
got to talk to a really good friend who makes me smile and laugh. 
My loving wife who loves me the way I want to be loved 
Being around family. 
Scarlet - visiting cuddling puppy 
My husband. 
My husband told me how much he loved me. 
my husband 
I was able to do my morning Yoga. 
was able to get several necessary paper projects completed. 
found a great lamp at goodwill. 
Found pizza in fridge for dinner - Char was happy and I didn't have to cook! 
going back to sleep for a little while this morning to regroup. 
being able to get my sink fixed. 
to have my son safet after all 
my mommy and daddy, and all the hard work they put in to support me and my sister, even the things we don't necessarily need like new designer purses, or a new $130 retainer i just lost after 3 weeks of having it. 
My husband 
My husband made a lunch for me to take to work: ) 
I had the strength and courage to go to the car dealer by myself. 
My commute was less stressful today 
My best friend is going to dye my hair, which means we get to spend quality girl-time together talking and catching up 
Grateful that I was considered crucial for this important meeting and was asked to go to NYC on the previous night as the weather was deteriorating unlike my other co-workers. 
got some of the laundry done, early this morning. 
dreamed good dreams and had a good night sleep 
finally made granola again. 
My family 
God 
My students were lovely today. 
My son is waking up in the mornings without any whining ... 
Jim got my wireless printer to work! 
A quiet cup of coffee with my dogs. 
having a beautiful smart daughter. 
work today, my class groups were canceled, which allowed me to catch up on paperwork and organizing. 
My husband is home - after being gone for a day 
Really he is kind and thoughtful all the time. 
Kamil interacted with me today. 
very happy that I got to see Kelsey today. 
Grateful for friends to share with 
My boss was not in the office today 
completed a 3-mile walk even though it was 18 degrees outside! 
Waking up and feeling safe. 
Cory took the kids for their physicals and they are all doing well, and they are healthy, and now I have up to date records for them! 
I live in a beautiful home. 
family 
My daughter and her beautiful smiling face. 
my kids are generally happy and healthy 
my family and friends 
My husband was horribly fighting with me and at one point I asked him what stared this day off so badly because it wasn't me or us, And he calmed down and finally told me that a military friend of his had been killed and he was just told this morning. 
made it down the stairs in record time doing my buttscoot 
my salvation, God's mercies that are new every morning. 
got to lay down and watch a movie. 
The possible job at a high end restaurant in Boca 
playing around with morgan 
The first thing that made me smile this morning was when I got to work and my coworkers commented that I went above and beyond yesterday. 
my husband is not working out of town anymore. 
got some answers from my doctor about my illness. 
meaningful workenjoy a good lifestyleplan for the best prepared for the worst 
Trade massage for essential oils and nice conversation 
my husband who loves me relentlessly. 
have a small group of extremely supportive friends. 
I don't have to commute 
I have a beautiful home to live in 
a decorated office (which Jon helped a lot with). 
My amazing puppies. 
My husband did a load of laundry. 
My tidy, attractive, comfortable home. 
My health 
Mikala is loving and adores me 
got out 
Working with my client 
my mother and I did not argue today. 
my boss was understanding of my situation today. 
My husband gave me flowers. 
Did a cleanup job for step-daughter. 
My dog Buddy my. 
today was no snow and warmer 
made a nice picture for iluminar 
Thanks to my husband for helping me wind up house hold stuff in the morning. 
Knowing God, being alive, health 
My niece and nephew wanting me to play, watch TV, eat breakfast/lunch with them. 
Kim and I talking in the night 
made several residents happy. 
was able to cook and clean in my kitchen all day without being overly fatigued. 
Seeing Pierre 
The one thing that makes my life great.... knowing my Lord Jesus, God and Holy Spirit 
Luke being SO close to me all day I could feel how much he loved me since I've rescued him. 
to be able to be my own boss. 
managed to finish a homework assignment before it was late. 
was really grateful that I could wake up my husband this morning and ask him to do the laundry and without complaint he went and did it all. 
To have a roof over my head and not living in the streets. 
went to the supermarket, bought healthy foods and made a good lunch. 
God 
My children are happy and healthy. 
Three messages in my FB box. 
Boo Boo talked me out of my stressful situation. 
Received help from my neighbor. 
did not smoke today 
Having friends that I love being around; they listen to me even when it's not a subject they are interested in; they laugh when my jokes aren't funny and I do the same for them! 
Friends listening and understanding 
Finally got to sleep until 8!! 
the sun shining and my sons cuddles 
That myself and my children live in our beautiful home 
My ex wondering where he is ? he would say he was going to one place then go somewhere else 
The glorious sunshine what a beautiful day. 
Had the opportunity to chat with a friend on her birthday 
the family who raised me, and an amazing mom who is the most caring person I know. 
Mes enfants 
Money in the bank to do the things I want to do. 
to my mom who makes food for me and help me to get ready for office :) 
my brother and sister came to visit me today. 
treated with respect 
Having my power on after a storm that left many without power 
The first thing I am grateful for is my PARENTS because of whom I am present in this world. 
feel grateful and happy when early in the morning my sister make breakfast and my father give me pocket money and show his lovely emotion 
have talked to that person whom i love 
My Boyfriend showed me a clip on youtube that made me laugh 
1. 
My father still being around 
I passed my insurance exam. 
my partner. 
Waking up and having the loves of my life laying beside me! 
stayed calm and focused and planned my work in good time 
My children. 
charlie was ok at school today. 
No worries that my man is gonna go out come home drunk and start on me. 
my coworker gave me a few dollars to make sure I got home last night. 
providing me opportunity and mentoring me in a right way 
The sunshine 
my life. 
Food and warmth given by my mother 
Talking to my GF 
Relaxing in the morning with a coffee 
came home and Ben had done some of the washing up. 
of a bad relationship. 
One of my best friends told me compliments 
Seeing my mom after her trip from Costa Rica 
Getting into work first 
Having a family that loves me 
We have a nice home for a while 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up and reconciling with chelsea. 
Peter gave me the opportunity to publish an article in BS&L 
don't have to worry about debt because I've paid off all my credit cards and now it's just maintaining a balanced budget and saving for the things that I want. 
My parents let me live with them rent free, until I can find a job after college. 
1. 
Today is Friday 
Roe 
Nice 10k run on the treadmill 
John always taking care of me with breakfast, lunch, dinner, and always saying nice things 
my interview went well, and with any luck I will get that programming gig. 
David, for the constant support and love he give me. 
found a dollar on the ground! 
My teenage daughter cooked and made me a cup of coffee 
A really funny night with friends 
finally emailed someone about getting that car sorted out. 
Coming home to find dinner in the crockpot. 
the opportunity to own a home and meet all of my basic needs. 
we were able to get Justin in to the physical therapist and his foot seems to be better than it had been. 
Better communication with Yaakov 
Dad is always there for me, und die anderen versuchen es, soweit sie können 
Ver a esta chica en el colectivo 
slept very well last night. 
Looking over my pictures from the ice caves and still being excited about what I'd seen. 
my family 
painted a cow to be used on a parade float. 
My boyfriend had made coffee and left it for me on the counter. 
to have a happy, loving relationship with Chopper. 
Chopper is done with his cataract surgeries and back into fairly stable vision. 
It was excellent to be back in the office after some days at home due to the ice storm. 
continue to be happy with my decision to have allergy shots. 
had a good, constructive call with UGAF today. 
Chopper, because he's fun, supportive, and a marvelous partner for me. 
Chopper, who is my best friend, soulmate, co-conspirator, and husband. 
Was a good friend going over to Deb Baker's to talk with her this morning. 
my boyfriend, who is simply the best person in the world for me. 
My house 
my family 
got a lot done at work today. 
repotted and watered my plants 
lots of good friends 
The blinds were up and the windows were open when I went downstairs. 
Take the initiative to play pool with JS. 
have had interesting experiences 
yummy home made chili 
Jen got to come home early today and we spent lunch together talking over what she learned from the financial planner. 
Reading from my girlfriend that she'd spent her evening emailing people to find places to live. 
Rach left me flowers. 
1. 
1. 
A friend woke up real early to go and do nice stuff 
two amazing kids and a wonderful wife. 
ate lunch with a friend from college 
started a conversation with a pretty girl. 
my apartment manager fixed my dryer 
Deepak brought home Biriyani for dinner. 
Opportunities to improve my work and social life. 
Work hard attitude, get stuff done. 
the boys are helping watch Seth more often than they did when he was small. 
My ambition, because it keeps me going 
caring husband 
Arch Villain - I'm grateful that I was invited to be a part of the group, and that they feel the need me to help out. 
CTR 
Coffee 
Momo cooked lunch 
Magda wróciła z obozu narciarskiegouśmiechnięta i dużo opowiadała 
My dog Josie 
Chance to excel in life 
Vicke supports me with my brothers 
my mum is comming tomorrow to help clean my home 
The love that my family gives everyday without any conditions. 
feel grateful for the fact that Hans Jørgen has the same passion for Be My Eyes as myself. 
Made muffins with Addi today 
Emily for being a supportive friend and inviting me to do things with her. 
Shelby shared snacks 
Kerryl is accepting of me, is proud to have me as her big sister and loves that I'm a cool Aunty to Ciaron. 
I have worked on being more positive and loving to myself today. 
The bullying I encountered the first time I volunteered, yes it was highly stressful, but I am so grateful it happened now because I have gained much learning from this situation and I am moving on well! 
A roof over my head, toilet paper, clean water and food 
This morning, my husband told me how good he feels when I smile at him... 
1. 
waking up with my husband 
Waking up with my girlfriend 
1. 
Justin, my best friend, is flying into Las Vegas to see me! 
äventyret med att ut och fota fanns på kvällen efter jobbet 
Able to get laundry done 
He took me out on a date after helping me with grocery shopping. 
My roommate 
Matt got up to make us breakfast burritos. 
1. 
Dankbaar dat mijn pa het me financieel mogelijk maakt van hier te blijven wonen, van deze moeilijke periode te overbruggen. 
Sinds lang superwafeltjes gebakken! 
Ze luistert, is bereid me te telefoneren wanneer ik me stil hou, spoort me aan. 
Nooit lichamelijke problemen gehad, enkel wijsheidstanden en migraine. 
Keith took Chase to work with him 
my sweet daughter 
amy made sure i was ok after the mishap at the gym. 
Aaron asked for my help clarifying something confusing. 
My family 
was grateful when I found the Lentil soup I for dinner 
my kids have been so happy and healthy lately. 
1. 
Estar crescendo e fazendo reportagens mais complicadas e melhores. 
Read an article about this site. 
Neighbors... 
My family 
gave my girlfriend a beautiful rose day card and made her happy... also i didn't get upset when she said she can't talk as she had to wake up early although we decided to talk. 
live rent free with my girlfriend who I love very much 
Eric Flyr being a super supportive human being. 
Friends 
Lepe, mehke mucice :) 
Blaž complementing on my hair 
my boyfriend who gives me constant support, takes great care of me and makes me what to be a better person. 
One thing that makes my life great is my boyfriend and friends. 
Going to the ballet with Ryan 
Dave's e-mail about his upcoming baby. 
Someone guessing that I was much younger than what I am!! 
my boss expressed interest in my personal well-being, in addition to my work related tasks. 
Brian 
Hugs first thing in the morning. 
my husband, who stayed home to watch the dogs so I could so to the salon and get a mani-pedi. 
1. 
Jack seems to be feeling better. 
Liz offering her bed for me to nap in because I was feeling sick 
Lorri is very good about taking care of our finances 
Meeting with some co-workers for breakfast 
My amazing boyfriend and dog. 
Thankful for having my pups to wake me up with kisses and smiles. 
Friends on fb chat! 
Patrick left me alone last night so that I could unwind in peace. 
My fiancee 
Dat het zo'n mooi weer is en dat de vogeltjes buiten veel fluiten, het lijkt wel lente! 
my incredible house-mates. 
Waking up next to kyle. 
started to keep a diary and to-do list. 
don't have to worry about not knowing where my boyfriend is, if he is cheating on me, what he's done. 
Jenna is eager to catch up and cares about my life 
some point I would have said music or poetry and I've gotten away from both those things. 
I have a space to call my own 
Eveline! Ik ben gelukkig met haar, samenwerken is niet altijd makkelijk. 
My friend Lucy came around to share a cup of tea and a chat after a couple of weeks of limited contact (life stuff). 
Making coffee for Steve. 
yousef loves me, i love him too, we are crazy about eachother, and we are perfect for eachother 
was invited to speak at the Michigan Hackers group 
didn't have to rush to get into work. 
got invited to EMEA Summit. 
to have pets that great me with excitement and love every morning. 
being so creative and open to learn. 
Playing WWF with Lauri. 
I have such a strong and loving partner whom I trust. 
My boys are self sufficient. 
Thank you for my daughter walking away from her first car accident safely. 
My dad and mom fully support my career decisions and enable them. 
To have Charlotte in my life, and our deep connection.Our rings! 
to have a family and a home to begin with. 
No problem faced entering University gates 
Aqua biodanza with Drew and Dionne tonight 
Being able to "rest" at home. 
Students are submitting some good Digital Identity projects with great explanations. 
Amie did not end up needing to have a platelet transfusion. 
Finding someone that I love and am accepted by and being able to have a family with him. 
being positive this morning and making popovers for the girls. 
have good to great relationships with all the people I really love. 
my oldest daughter helped me to get the younger kids food while she was waiting to print off her ticket for the concert that she was attending this evening, even though she only had a few minutes to spare to help them. 
don't have to worry about my family not accepting my life for what it is. 
My husband cooking dinner 
Not afraid anymore of driving my car 
Buenas conversaciones con la nena 
Bianca is always up for doing something 
Driving test 
the family that I can call upon if I need anything. 
Taxes are coming back so the glooming cloud of debt will be slightly dampened. 
Applied for some jobs today! 
bennie 
I was able to make perfect scrambled eggs for lunch! 
Positive feedback/comments on my expression of religious and personal beliefs 
Emma gave me a big running hug when she got off of the bus. 
Elizabeth woke up happy and wasn't too difficult to change and get ready 
Zeus makes my life so much better. 
I am able to go to school full-time with Joe's full support 
Had a really good massage 
My child - such a happy kid and a fast learner 
Getting to see my cats sleeping, playing, eating. 
My work is absolutely awesome. 
Kimberly who's always been there for me 
I get to co-direct a burlesque improv show with Jayme. 
was reminded by a stranger how lucky I am to have a flexible work schedule. 
My son was adorable today he always is) and we had a great session of "playtime". 
My manager gave me her direct attention for a scheduled meeting of 1 hour. 
Quando meu filho está feliz 
Friends who stand by me and is there for me through good and bad times. 
Josh/family 
The sun was out. 
get free half-caf coffee that is tasty and warm. 
Was able to buy Zumba game 
My partner noticed I was upset about something with my family and called me at work just to see how I was doing and support me through it. 
Playing clash of clans always makes me happy. 
my friends are pulling together to come out with me for my birthday tonight. 
was able to finish all the work I had committed to this week, and that's very important for my self-confidence. 
Having the love of my life with me 
My boyfriend said he loved me first thing in the morning... 
The first thing that brightened my day today was a kiss from my bf. 
wrote a pretty girl who contacted me through a CL ad. 
Seeing my sweet boy sleeping so soundly. 
Having a relaxing day with Karen yesterday. 
wife and all she does for me. 
David had a good grip on his new classes. 
Wonderful girls 
money 
Seeing my wife after the gym - she is usually gone by the time I got home but she worked from home today. 
got everyone to have a Catalan breakfast (even if I was asleep because I was working at night) 
feeling better physically 
made a good dinner in the crock pot 
have a beautiful daughter 
Mark, family, dogs 
A loving and supportive boyfriend who cares about me, cooks for me, makes me laugh, and lets me be myself. 
to have a very nice apartment, with a view, light, and space. 
Having a great work place to come to each morning! 
my kids are healthy 
Balancing the checkbook 
The dog is always happy to see me, no matter what. 
the health of my kids. 
Everyone is healthy. 
finally found everything for bedroom remodel! 
Started with schedule and stuck to it even when got behind 
My first bright moment today was being able to say good morning to my boyfriend and kiss him before going to work. 
It's Friday and the start of my weekend! 
A toxic, now thankfully ex-friend. 
My family and friends, including my gorgeou boyfriend. 
Another student was nice enough to let me borrow her book. 
Jenna 
qualified 
opportunitiesfor a great capacityfor better times to be a woman for having a choicefor having the chance to have a profession 
1. 
Qualcuno ha fatto la maggior parte del lavoro che c'era da fare a casa e alla fine, dopo cena, quando sarei stato io a dover sistemare le ultime cose, ha fatto anche quelle e probabilmente per farmi avere più tempo domani. 
Reuniting with a friend 
Got to spend time catching up on shows that I had missed out on. 
1. 
was so thankful today that I made my weigh in and that I won this round. 
no one in my family is seriously sick today. 
Donut truck at my favorite coffee shop! 
My job 
tried a new recipe - pizza in a cast iron skillet - and it was pretty tasty. 
My housemates appreciate and like my cooking 
Had good interviews 
Rick's jokes at REO. 
One thing that makes my life great is my wonderful Family. 
I have a nice home where I do not have to pay rent and I am close with my family even though they drive me crazy they are still there when I need them and I can count on them being there for me. 
Possibility of buying new car 
Nina takes care of Kitty's Dance Costumes. 
my friends. 
inkeri 
heard from collin and steven 
Good Dr appt 
When Joe M talked to me about my ambitions, and said that he thought I should do asmit. 
to work with a project manager that is so on top of improving the user experience and reporting on our new UK website without being prompted to do so. 
Nikki 
Pat brought me coffee in bed. 
exercised 
Sono grato di aver ricevuto delle supercarezze al lavoro, mi sentivo davvero molto bene. 
Breathing 
got the dishes done 
my workload was light today 
Ankh made me dinner last night. 
quiet time when I got home today. 
Today for a long time I was able to go to eat outside alone with my girlfriend, I like going out with her and the kids, but it's been some time since I had time to be with her alone like that and for that, I am thankful. 
I was very stressed about my future, at least that is not so much lately because I started going to the university to study programming and thought I;m busier I feel like I made the right choice. 
Andrei bought 3 amazing paintings that give a nice vibe to the room 
Bad relationship 
My son is a loving person that cares about the people around him. 
My love made me breakfast during his day off. 
The workshop went well, I'm grateful that the others were happy 
don't have to worry about G leaving me, since he's gone and there are no more fights and anxiety about the relationship. 
was told my friends/former coworkers were looking forward to me being at our wine tasting party, even though we hadn't seen each other in months. 
Getting to speak to my mum in Spanish. 
my daughter is so much fun and always sweet to me. 
Being welcome in an unfamiliar class and discipline. 
mom's latest illness. 
the way in to campus, I was really enjoying my podcast, so much so that I put on headphones when it was time to get out of the car so I didn't have to walk to class in silence. 
the fact that I can find hours of entertainment or amusement in things others don't touch or find boring. 
Yard 
The daughter told me she missed me at lunch. 
Samantha came home for the weekend. 
Free pretzels from Michael 
Prev relationships 
My boyfriend said he is willing to go with me if I ever choose to go to another country to do an intership or if I get a scholarship. 
My talk with Esteban. 
Lunch with an understanding friend 
feeling that I helped the couple I saw this morning the fact that both are doing new things that indicate progress his staying curious... her owning she let things become this way... feels only she can care for kids I do a good job 
Chris brought me coffee and let me sleep in. 
Cleaned the whole house, got rid of things I don't need. 
waking up in a warm house (the Dennises) 
The taste of a cappuccino and morning bun at Tartine. 
helped me write the lesson for Monday's class 
My family. 
My copy of the PMBOK Guide arrived, and I didn't have to pay for it. 
my amazingly supportive and loving husband. 
The client's staff invited us for lunch today. 
ran into Moira, I had lunch with a friend and vented! 
have access to so many interesting opportunities to make a business impact. 
My children 
Got an awesome haircut today! 
Great friends like Steph 
Stella's formula was approved and will be paid for by insurance at 100%, saving us 1,081 per month! 
My wife really wants to have a better marriage. 
Getting a note from Dr. Johnson about sending my letter of recommendation into the program and reading what he wrote to Dr. Cole about me. 
My room looks lovely 
waking up this morning, and for this new day; another day of life! 
to have such a loving, supporting girlfriend to talk to and share my life with. 
Being able to sleep in and relax this morning 
Good interview 
været er gint- det er lyst ute 
my parents are alive. 
Having the day off 
Carl and I are getting along great and supporting each other. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting a good night's sleep. 
Complimented on my design talent and overall home 
My visit to Jenny Berthet 
enjoy that I don't have to work and I can use my time as I see fit. 
my co-workers trust me and support me 
Eli made an amazing lunch for us. 
Health 
caught up with an old coworker over coffee. 
being silly with Katie 
evelyn for thinking about us and buying us snacks! 
I have a place to live. 
family 
I got to see my dad yesterday, despite us never really having a strong relationship, it's getting better and I can see him adjusting his behavior to try and be a better dad. 
My wife made a conscious decision to foster a more positive attitude in the face of her current career crisis. 
My truck is great. 
the cuddles that Lennon gives me after being away at work all day. 
Drive is very quick now. 
spend a little time with Marianne and we talk without fight or arguments. 
La salud de mis papás. 
My mom taking csre of me after my oral surgery 
alive. 
A difficult student being removed from my class 
My friend Valinda. 
was promoted to AVP 
My Husband cooked dinner and tea today as we fought little yday 
Having people here that can support me. 
Being alive. 
My professor didn't yell at me. 
have an internship for the summer and a job when I move to Japan. 
An e-mail from Yasu 
Staying in Melbourne is making my life great at this moment. 
could pick Vivek at 1 in the night because we had car . 
1. 
Completing back to back spin classes 
chose to eat something slightly healthier today and I also had a nice time organizing certain things. 
Mummy- She is always there for me. 
had a nice walk in the morning. 
Brock let me move in with him. 
finished the book "Cell" and my guess at the ending was correct. 
don't have to worry about my mom and dad fighting all the time. 
My husband and kids. 
I've been saying today, Chloe's friends. 
my friends. 
got a manuscript revised and submitted for review at a journal. 
Graduate school as super stressful. 
New books to read (and looking through saved childhood books) 
The food that my mom made. 
Having Connor help me clean the kitchen 
Doing well on a presentation at work. 
Ryan was really flexible with his time for me. 
got to sparklab finally 
made pancakes for my girlfriend and roommate this morning. 
the way Kenzie smiles at me in the mornings 
When I first started weight wachers, I was faced with monthly birthday celebrations at work, where cake and ice cream (my favorite combo) was offered. 
I have an extremely supportive, understanding, open-minded fiance. 
Hit all green lights to work 
warm home, comfortably furnished 
Hearing that something I did fixed a long term problem. 
Playing the questions game with my workmates. 
1 
A friend called just to say hello since I haven't seen her in a while. 
1. 
My awesome housemates who are more family than friends 
Being forced out of my job, even though every day brings a new psychology and sometimes fresh anger. 
exploring the peaceful, tourist-free lanes of Jiangashui old street. 
Ma left me a newspaper to read. 
get to do what I want, when I want. 
My beautiful healthy baby! 
my family is healthy. 
Being able to ride to work even though it was cold and windy. 
Ordered Equipment 
nice home 
Chanting with other SGI members 
The ability to go to outlets and say no to the many options that are available. 
My health.... understanding my body and knowing what it needs to feel good physically and mentally 
lounging with Bryan in bed 
Talking with my daughters every dayWorking cooperatively with my husbandPreparing healthy foods for us to enjoy 
The opportunity to pursue music. 
Receiving 2 offers this week from 2 great companies. 
They're always worried about my well-being. 
Slept in! 
my bed. 
used to have a big figure paid for a condo but the condo was sub par and the company -although violating the contract- refused to pay back the money. 
1. 
My family 
My son had some smiles 
A funny email from Colleen 
having the day off to relax and do whatever I wanted. 
My pipes were working fine this morning (others said they had frozen pipes). 
Living near toxic relatives 
My first cup of coffee. 
Positive meeting for our Presentation Tuesday regarding basecamp and bugzilla 
My kids did their homework 
My back surgery when I was a kid 
A text from Kris saying, "I love you baby and I'm thinking about you!" 
arrumador ser simpatico ao ajudar-me a estacionar o carro. 
Field trip was kinda crazy, but I like interacting with the kids. 
Spending time with family 
having a wonderful mother. 
Looking at Dan's beautiful sparking, loving eyes. 
the instructor stayed with me through lunch and helped me with the filling. 
My ex-boyfriend. 
Luz Elena 
my friends at work. 
My independence makes my life great. 
my strength 
learning n skills 
Thanks to Alessandra for making me dinner and listening to me. 
1. 
My ex-boyfriend Kyle 
The commute to Brooklyn was much smoother than I expected. 
Happily in love with Jelly Ann Ente 
i spent time with Lucas today and that we made a delicious lunch and listened to music. 
Ian and his patience 
the suggestion to pick up a chicken that was already cooked for dinner 
made a new friend. 
kids 
EIA feels good to get rewarded 
I have a house 
My son hugging my leg and telling me he loves me out of the blue. 
Gordon made a family Valentine card 
Getting through Gordon's early years with colic, meltdowns, and therapies and appointments 
the peace and quiet of my comfortable room, the nice view, and the weather 
the sun was shining and the weather appeared to be good outside. 
1. 
have a great partner to share life with. 
woke up 
Worked out 
Friends 
Dave let me rest and relax while I wasn't feeling well, and got the kitchen and downstairs cleaned up while I snuggled with the kitty. 
My horrible marriage is over and I am in a happy, healthy, supportive, loving relationship. 
When my new type of matrix multiplication program worked. 
Grateful to my parents. 
my family is financially stable and my parents barely put any financial stress or restrictions on me and my sister. 
so very grateful that i have a smart, thriving, funny young boy in my life. 
a sometimes fun job! 
staying at a nice resort with good weather. 
my boys 
have 2 healthy happy children, a great husband, two pets that complete our family. 
The beautiful morning 
the love and support I have from my family 
Received my oud incense stick 
1. 
Kids health 
Thankful for my boss believing in me 
Jeg fik lavet et fint oplæg til arbejdet med vores sociale læseplan for elevrådet. 
My dog and him getting me outside in fresh air 
Jugue rummi en linea con ceci y fue lo max 
Grateful that my colleagues supported me for the EGP 2014. 
two of the workstations were practically new seats 
Glenn won't steal my shit 
Interactions with co-workers. 
my pet cat that always shows me love. 
stressful fights 
Grateful that my bed is warm and comfortable 
being able to help my kids out when they need me 
Feeling confident in my meeting at CNA and getting positive feedback from Dan. 
Have the new bed installed 
Pauline folded all the clothes 
My mum cooked instant noodles for me 
Today is Friday, I don't have to work tomorrow. 
My friends from Pierce College -- the ones who still go there, anyway -- welcomed my visit with open arms. 
Sunshine 
Sooki the cat saying good morning 
Grateful that josh cooked dinner 
finally have amazingly wonderful friends! 
Youth attic sale was successful! 
Support from Ty to let me work on prepping for the test. 
Holy stopped by for a visit 
Spending time with Janelle and the girls. 
Mandy invited me to get subs with her and Katie. 
I have a nice house to live in. 
my boss wants to help me succeed. 
My sister expressing interest in seeing my friends' production of Rent in which I'm involved. 
My amazing husband, who loves me and takes care of me. 
Going to barre class this morning and starting my day with a good workout. 
My daughters 
still having both my parents healthy and always be by my side. 
Not being wrong about 2010 
Sharing travel experiences with people in town I wouldn't have guessed travelled. 
Visited with Lily 
Momo snuggles 
Fighting with parents-done forever! 
I was able to get so much cleaning done today. 
Mom offering me $100 to help me out 
Thankful that Chris picked up pizza on his way home. 
don' t have to worry about being unhappy at my job. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting dressed and not feeling frumpy. 
Graham: A roomie that cares. 
People receiving the save the dates 
My mom doing all the things in the house that me and my brother should be also doing. 
we are mostly healthy and well, It could be a lot worse. 
A husband whom I truly miss 
Being in a relationship with someone who really understands me. 
was able to make homemade bread on my day off. 
to be getting things done around the house. 
The opportunity to care for choldren 
applied for 5 new jobs today. 
My family john joseph and ovie 
headboard was delivered and it looks very nice in the bedroom 
have a nice big office 
Patrick and how effortless our life is. 
my girlfriend is supportive of healthy decisions and yet still allows me to have fun. 
1. 
my cat max 
Watching "Oscar Nominated Animations" with my wife. 
Cute dog boy.He's all kinds of delightful. 
How great the kids are at getting their stuff together the night before and getting up and going for early morning practices. 
Nothing 
my daughter is well and that I got to spend the day with her. 
Dinner with friends and speaking Spanish 
Waking up to Sophie, who was ready for breakfast and wanted to play. 
slept well and felt happy all day 
passed my driving test today. 
Didn't get a ticket going to work 
Jeff making me lunch 
Mitsu covertly complimented me by saying something along the lines of me being top tier in social justice work. 
Watch Ayton enjoy the play 
Having supportive friends and family. 
Steve took care of the dogs so l could sleep in this morning 
Pat stopped by unexpectedly. 
years I suffered from sever fainting spells. 
this mechanical keyboard makes me feel good at work. 
got to meet up with an old friend who is based in Batangas. 
My sister has graduated! 
loving and supporting co-workers like Sabrina Ocampo and people that pray for me like Daniella Straathof. 
My clean room. 
A walk with my dog and him behaving very well. 
My life is great because I have a very caring husband. 
Did well on exam this morning 
Having some time alone to clean the kitchen! 
The first thing I can think of is that is not "having" to find a job. 
my wife is open to new experiences in a new country. 
My mom. 
A committed relationship :) 
surrounded by great, smart, intelligent and nice people. 
my wife who has stood by me throughout my struggles with my health & employment. 
don't have to carry the responsibilities that come with adulthood on my own because I have a wonderful wife who shares in carrying the burden. 
The first thing that brightened my day was when my wife came home from work. 
simply grateful to have a job that pays decently. 
1. 
a 
Snuggles 
Realizing that, because I was sick and working from home today, I wouldn't have to commute to work. 
My mother and father and how they are always ready to help 
taking a walk 
Waking up to my husband and dogs 
A 
I had the time, desire, ability and inclination to walk home from work, which was a fun stroll 
I am able to come home and decompress without interruption. 
Waking up for the regatta 
New professor was really good. 
finished most of my work today, and am mostly caught up. 
ate dinner with gf 
We were able to get out application in on the rental house that we want to live in next month. 
to be moving out of the house that so many bad things happened in 
Stoney and I have both moved out. 
Получила сим карту взамен сломанной много месяцев назад. 
1. 
The first thing that brightened my day was being able to relax, get up late, go to the gym nice and early. 
live in a time when technology is readily available and always-improving, and yet hasn't completely overtaken life in general. 
I got to spend time sitting and talking with Morgan. 
don't have to worry about being in a toxic friendship with Isabelle. 
didn't fall on the ice 
Michael makes me coffee:) 
Today my fiancé and I celebrated Valentines Day early to beat the rush on Friday. 
Having family. 
My wonderful family. 
Playing the ESO Beta 
Eve and B helped me move the coat rack. 
The first thing that brightened my day was receiving 3 messages from my new Motives Cosmetic Team members expressing sympathy for my arthritis and recent discouragement. 
Music and travel 
Family 
the time I get to spend with my daughter. 
The number one thing that comes to mind when it comes to stress and what isn't in my life anymore would be my ex. 
Knowing Angie made it back home. 
was grateful for cooking for my family and having them appreciate and compliment the dinner! 
We started our day with a wonderful talk. 
Good family. 
a kiss from my husband this morning, to start my day! 
Waking up in the blanket my mom made me and cuddling my cats. 
Sprinkler guy replied to our email! 
Kids & wife are awesome and fills my heart! 
work from home, I'm the king of my domain but happily I share the royalty chair with my sweet family 
alive and still have choices. 
I am a son 
left work with my inbox processed and nothing hanging over me this weekend. 
When the guy who rushed in front of me only had a quick question for the service desk. 
Got out of class early 
Kelli asked me to go out today. 
Matt : This is a relationship that I am certainly happy to be out of. 
He's open to be a listening ear, even when it's hard for him to hear and may not be something he wants to talk about. 
getting to sleep in without actually having to be anywhere! 
My family: today especially my sisters and how funny they are and how comfortable it is to be with them. 
to start a new job, and a person from within my field thinks it will be a really great fit. 
Walking across the Inman grass way with my jeans and computer bag and coffee at 10am. 
get to my weekly goal 
Great feedback from a client at the intercontinental 
got rid of viruses/malware on Ariela's computer. 
Having a couple of supportive friends who stick with me through thick and thin. 
ur funny impressive 
Movie with friends! 
my husband bought supper for me and tried to chat with me a little longer before going to bed. 
mum brought lunch for me 
my mom & dad are with me from the begining of my fall in career and life. 
my husband and how hard he working on our marriage. 
Hoki poki este 
Jason 
Wifey was really happy that I came home early 
meeting Simone almost a year ago. 
Drew's early morning hug. 
Having a wonderful saturday started off with a nice wakeup call from my boyfriend. 
I could collect the scooter for Noah 
1. 
my daughter is healthy. 
finish year end accounting 
My boyfriend cooked for me 
Today I woke with a great idea for a business. 
My amazing wife who puts up with me 
woke up in the arms of a kind man. 
kraft dinner was perfectly creamy 
Sending a text to SB 
The great job I have at Deloitte working in User Experience 
Nick going to dinner with me at Bomba last night and spending time with me afterwards seeing the ducks and watching a movie 
Breaking my arm I coped with it by having Nicks support, staying calm and thinking of the bigger picture. 
got about seven hours of sleep (I am on owl shift) and that is a very good thing. 
The first thing that brightened my day was my medication approval finally went through. 
Waking up and feeling a little bit less sick that the past couple of days 
The box of vitamins at work 
My best friend, he means the world to me and we had so much fun today playing the Ukelele together! 
was promoted to Regional Head of Training and Curriculum this week. 
Cuddling with mt bear 
Dan and the girls 
The lifes 
to be able to make a delicious dinner for my husband. 
A stupid boyfriend and stupid brother of boyfriend. 
I live in a peaceful neighborhood and city. 
having a friend like Dara in my life, someone that I can laugh and cry with not feel self conscious or judged and feel like I can be completely me. 
So thankful my children are healthy and normal with no real physical or mental ailments. 
My friends buy me food and and top up my myki when I'm broke. 
Amazing support of my boyfriend in anything I choose to do with my life. 
the stupid shows to watch while I am exercising on the bike, those shows make me feel better about myself and I'm able to be distracted by the pain and suffering on the bike. 
Breck, he is the way decision I've made. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting to snuggle with Mike. 
Getting my Drivers License 
My daughters sweet cuddles as she sleeps on my chest 
have my parents 
Talent 
Saw new friend 
Family! My mum is loving and giving and knowing that she is there for me no matter what is a great source of comfort. 
Having the first cup of coffee and knowing that I get paid doing what I love 
My cat hung out with me all day yesterday, sleeping next to my pillow and snuggling. 
Dad that helped to send boyfriend and I home when boyf was dead drunk. 
My mother is always there for me no matter how much we quarrel. 
A great colleague who is willing to teach and guide me through 
Lori listening to me talking about being crazy and saying crazy things, even at a weird time, even across the world. 
Squishy 
Roxie made a good dinner. 
To shower 
The first thing that brightened my day was my boyfriend holding me in his arms. 
Supervisors and colleagues (mostly from other departments) who are concerned about my well-being, especially colleagues who share food with me and invite me to their tea-breaks. 
Having more than enough time to do what I want to do, without too many commitments that many of my friends are either spending time meaningfully on or unable to cope with them at all. 
Michelle liked my parting gift a lot and got very touched by my gesture. 
Grateful that I have few nice colleague at work that keeps me going... 
Spending time with astrid while cooking and cleaning. 
Theona 
Friend holding my MacBook Pro charger 
finished a workout 
Thank you, mom for cooking my dinner every night. 
Support of coworkers to ensure patients get the best care possible 
My children my family and my friends 
I have someone that loves me to come home to, and good friends and family who are just a Skype-call away. 
building lego 
yesterday I got to pick up a package I won in a sweepstake which I did not know I had won. 
My sense of humour makes my life great. 
The comments I received on my abstract. 
Where to live, where my next meal will come from, money issues generally 
good food, lovely boyfriend, and lovely family 
bb helped me buy washing machine 
gratefull for working in the team that I am in right now and having a lot of people around me to look up to. 
Dave's pic of me with the salami plate - poss album cover 
Watched Olympics with parents 
Monday - 3 FebThat Lester is a true friend for me. 
Getting beaten up by matreps because of a girl. 
Chatting with Melanie at 5am. 
Having a safe, quiet place to wake up in every day 
Å stå opp, selv om jeg har fått lite søvn 
J'ai mis en place mon nouveau bureau ! 
La telefonata di stamani di mia sorella 
feel good when their are people who are concerned about my well being as well as genuinely think of me as a good person. 
Grateful that Michael came to my concert and had a big, proud smile on his face while I was taking my bow. 
children 
Really thankful for the sumptuous family meals we share during the weekends, and basically every time we feel like celebrating. 
Bella being happy to see me 
Being on-call! 
Wife's birthday! 
Being a mum to Maxi 
Parental support 
We have a staff that seems to work together without a lot of drama 
set up the new computer at church 
Walking around the park with Maia made me feel grateful that I can stay at home with her and not have to put her in a nursery and go to work. 
Ealth: Beside I feel injured all over my body I have to say I still can do plenty of things... even if not at the top.Compared the average of people of my age I feel "good!.Some how I can cure most of my "breakages".. 
1. 
My beautiful, intelligent daughter. 
Jennifer sent me a lovely text today, for no reason 
a loving partner, who has never wavered in showing me how much he cares about me. 
finished a challenging assignment for Spanish class and my language-exchange buddy returned it with corrections and suggestions after only a few hours. 
Thor 
coming up with a pretty decent proposal for DHF 
Time to work and develop my skills 
Brian asked me how the site visits went 
The kids are well taken care of by Mauli. 
my loving, sweet, considerate, and committed husband who is also my best friend. 
Good food 
we woke up at the same time and chatted before i left. 
ישנתי 
Having a home provided for the most part by my mother and father 
Life 
Grateful for having a Laddukutty who loves me. 
Privacy 
Sun shining, beautiful, crisp morning with pretty girls 
1. 
Being able to focus for once, and finishing my second case report... despite not being satisfied with the quality. 
Kids woke up as asked to, although slightly late to school. 
My wife prepared our daughters breakfast. 
He stayed with me while cycling on beach road. 
Learning experience from everyone 
Cinnamon dolce latte 
I had a good morning & afternoon sleep, wifey made everything smooth. 
They always make my happiness comes first. 
Jeff 
Tony is really great at doing stuff around the house. 
Making Natka and myself run with wyciag krzeselkowy for first time. 
Today is call everyone Dave day in memory of Roger Lloyd pack. 
Sleeping in 
Remembering The Lego Movie from yesterday! 
Yahli's hug when I got back home 
truly blessed with my teenage son 
Having the time to get started on my practice project 
Family 
I've found the courage to commit to making my home what I want to be by getting the sofa reupholstered, being determined to finance it above all else, inviting people I love and trust into my home as they have me into theirs, and welcoming their ideas for improvements as I first take the time to determine what I envision for my home. 
don't have to stress about Marek Nemec. 
have my own privacy. 
I have a good job 
Seeing my happy, friendly co-workers. 
Waking up to find my amazing girlfriend smiling and kissing me after a difficult night. 
saturday do not have to go to work 
Thank you for my friends and family that have stood by me even when I'm going through a very tough phase in life. 
Military training and officer cadet course. 
Loving partner 
A super awesome husband 
finishing report cards and progress reports. 
my mom, she's always there for me even though I find her annoy sometimes 
got to chill and do whatever I wanted to last night. 
Travel and exploration (ok these are two things but they are interrelated). 
my friend Els - she is always there and knows how to get the best out of me without judging. 
The left 
made progress on several things at work today. 
had a wonderful evening last night with my brother, my niece and her boyfriend. 
my sister was not annoyed or angry when I forgot to bring my keys and was willing to open the door for me. 
Grateful for James' positive attitude 
Soccer! Been awhile since i played sat soccer with the navs, was a good workout too. 
opportunities given by companies out there because of who I am. 
had a meal ready and prepared for me by my mother. 
have managed ti have the entire conversation at the hotel in french 
Mical 
enjoyed lunch with my co-workers. 
Great talk with Amanda 
Wife helped do morning chores all week. 
finally asking for professional help getting our house pitched and sorted. 
One thing that makes my life great is that I can live above my means in having time to pursue interests and focus on my family. 
I have time today to move forward my setup to start daily writing projects. 
I have a bed, bathroom and a kitchen in a house that is so peaceful. 
Walking to the gas station to get lunch in the little Mexican place inside. 
My record player and record collection - I love listening to music and in the past year I have cultivated a record collection I love. 
was grateful that true to the "What's Your Speed" activity, I emptied my email and physical inbox completely before I left the office! 
The Yelp Event I went to - I ended up actually meeting more people than I thought I would and got a chance to talk to a guy going through a separation and give him some advice 
I got to spend time with mom and Jack today. 
Coding 
Alex wants to go see the new Lego Movie 
Beer!! 
going to teach creative writing for the first time in five years. 
I finished the electrical work in the bathroom. 
weekly reviews con santi 
was woke up by sunshine and leftower from diner was still edible. 
Connecting with Jesus 
Giving a bonus. 
Emma didn't get into her program today but she didn't freak out 
Chris 
my kids are extremely healthy and vibrant and smart. 
My husband's support 
Eric is thoughtful and does a lot of the chores. 
Sick kitty 
Closed a case 
Waking up and seeing Noy next to me, being able to cuddle him back to sleep. 
Travels 
My co-advisor worked with me to resolve the problem with the R data. 
my husband. 
Jake. 
My coworker, Sam, realized I was in a funk and brought me my special coffee when she came back from lunch. 
friends came to visit and enjoyed the city 
Got a great massage. 
Having the entire day to spend with my love❤️ 
Waking up to my daughter smiling and hugging me. 
My loving husband who I adore! 
My future is wide open, as anxiety provoking as that can be sometimes.I can continue practicing hapkidoI have plenty of time to read and write (when I manage my time well) 
mum is healthy 
Getting a big hug from my son 
to have a husband and home where I feel loved. 
I have such a loving and independent wife 
so grateful for how supportive my family has been for my busy life. 
writing a comparative essay between two legendary books. 
Getting my hair cut today. 
I've moved my debt to a 0% interest card and set up direct debits for all my bills and payments so I don't need to worry about missing payments, being charged and slipping further into debt that way. 
woke up and hugged Uncle Terry goodbye. 
My roommates gave me the generous remainder of the delicious scrambled eggs they made this morning :) 
Woke up relatively early today, didnt laze in bed as much as i usually do. 
my parents take the time to drive me to my horse ridding lessons. 
good friends that look out for me 
we are all healthy 
Productive lunch period. 
my entertaining coworkers. 
Personal training client was great and friendly! 
having such a lovely boyfriend in my life! 
being able to visit the Singapore Food Fair yesterday! 
my pets 
have lots of opportunities for growth and learning 
was able to defuse an argument. 
Sudden unemployment six years ago left me bewildered and in need of a substantial replacement income. 
spoke to a mate 
so grateful for a husband who is willing to get up at 2:30 am and help clean up the overturned truck and 150+ wandering sheep on the highway for eight hours and then went to work a very full day. 
Supportive & understanding parents and siblings. 
didn't have a lot of work to do on a Friday! 
Xtramechanical mechanical paidI don't owe else moneyI don't have to pay for doing workWe don't have to go to court 
Constantly worrying about mum dying.Underlying constant stressKept me from movingSadDistracted from other + productive thinking 
Warmth 
have awesome things that help me in my studying - a phone, computer, BEAUTIFUL NOTEBOOKS, PENS, etc. 
coping much better with my work in school 
The kids say I love you when they goodby on the phone 
Dancing last night with friends 
have a job. 
to have met the most wonderful person on this planet earth, my dearest, my one and only wong weide. 
my loving and understanding boyfriend who has helped me through the worst. 
Jen gets to leave work by 5:00pm each day and is always willing to take Sophie out after work, which permits me to occasionally stay at work a little late to finish a project without having to worry. 
My Awesome Job 
felt busy and committed 
Cleaned the apartment 
have a loving husband, a sweet dog and a comfortable apartment to call home. 
Meeting my cousins, who I haven't seen in a while 
got the job offer I was expecting :) 
kids 
Was feeling rested and confident in the morning. 
Seeing that it was still cold. 
Smiles n thanks from job candidates 
my amazing new girl friends that will come eat sushi with me tomorrow night! 
don't have to worry about my practicum supervision because it's done! 
My buddy coming over to lunch w me! 
Sunny day today. 
when Gerard has prepared my lunch 
My cats 
Got paid $125 dollars for sitting through a pd session. 
Being able to travel for free at any whim. 
have a supportive family unit that gives me the confidence to step out and venture into the unknown. 
Colleague complimented that my learning on the job exceeded his expectations 
Weisses Mousse o chocolate 
have a happy family 
getting to know my dad better. 
my life. 
friends calling 
how comfortable I am here- from the cozy couch to the comfy bed- and little by little it becomes more comfortable. 
The sun is shining and it's not snowing yet. 
Quiet morning with john 
My family 
My choice of career is fulfilling to my desire to learn 
When I come home from work and dinner is on the table and the house is clean. 
have a great group of camp friends who care deeply for me. 
1. 
my kind, thoughtful, patient and supportive husband 
To wake and see my cute kitten sleeping next to me 
My wife taking our daughter to get her hair done before the Daddy Daughter Dance. 
It was not below zero this morning, and there was not a lot of snow. 
Je suis reconnaissante d'avoir pu prendre le temps de prendre soin de moi ce matin; bien déjeuner, faire mon yoga et prendre une longue douche relaxante! 
Mon amoureux est fidèle et soucieux de mon bien-être. 
I got to sleep-over at Solero's. 
very happy and grateful that I have a special someone in my life. 
saw my daughter excited for her birthday party 
Having a good home in a safe neighborhood 
snuggling with Red 
Sleeping in 
having time to go out and excersise 
The first thing that brightened my day today was talking to Jeremy about the problems I'm currently facing. 
I have family members who reach out to me and ask how things are going. 
Staying home with Ruth and Bella brightened my day. 
Getting well so that I can run again. 
My house 
1. 
It was a great night!Stepmom talking about Cirque du Soleil + Dinner at Stack. 
Foot massage and pizza 
1. 
The fact that my husband had prepped my breakfast and lunch. 
reconnecting with Becky. 
J'ai presque fini de fixer les erreurs de build du serveur Linux. 
getting to read a good book first thing in the morning. 
Kalea. 
He ido a almorzar con unos amigos. 
offered to help a friend. 
When this new colleague guided me about our boss's working behavior. 
One thing that makes my life great is my family.. My beautiful daughter, wonderful boyfriend and my loving and caring sisters and mother. 
wonderful students, because I respect them. 
cleaned up the whole flat. 
a good life. 
My parents & Sara 
Lynne expresses her support and appreciation to me, and that she does small and big nice things for me without being asked. 
Strong family structure that I can count on 
made a good oatmeal breakfast for the both of us with bananas, rasberries, dried fruit and nuts. 
My mother willingly helped me in a time of need. 
Having two parents for my entire upbringing 
Working with Sara, she's so nice 
Thanks to my team leader for ordering my new pants, maybe these ones will fit better! 
My boss 
Waking up and opening my eyes next to my bebe 
have a roof over my head. 
Waking up with Mikko and spending time together 
have no contact with people in my life who became my idea of friends...but we're just takers. 
My family, partner, and friends are always very supportive. 
My daughter finally went down for a much needed nap 
Younger son likes to play with dad more than anyone. 
job security/future 
Brandon was a great example of service to me by responding to a call to serve early in the morning, and without breakfast. 
have a job, and not only that but it's in the exact field I want to be in. 
out of an emotionally straining relationship, and in an emotionally fulfilling one. 
She is fiercely loyal and supportive of her friends. 
My cup of warm water with lemon juice. 
Realizing it was Saturday. 
The first thing I am grateful for is my loving spouse. 
having such a loving, caring and supportive husband. 
The Sun 
We got the house nicely clean and tidy for our guests 
Ryan helped make dinner and didn't bug me about when it would be done. 
did the washing-up. 
Grateful for fresh food in fridge 
1. 
an house officer at govt. 
my husband has a close relationship with my son - so much that he feels comfortable taking care of him all day while I work. 
Husband got up in the morning with baby, letting me sleep a little longer 
My mom prepared my breakfast and dinner. 
a cozy house, with a comfortable bed and hardwood floors. 
Simon. 
My family... immediate and not-so-immediate. 
met with Berkin and chatted a little bit 
Getting my diplomas 
Papa qui répond rapidement et poisitivement à ma demande, 
Stella was in such a good mood this morning and let me get her ready without complaining. 
My family 
Spent morning with Bryan Ullman - we talked and got to share thoughts on a number of subjects. 
Sean being at here 
Wendy went to the food shelf this morning and got food for us and Shayna and Zac. 
my girlfriend encourages me to improve all aspects of my life. 
Having people around me who do love me even if they drive me crazy at times. 
my family is healthy today. 
being included in plans 
my amazing boyfriend Even! 
Having the time to clean my house 
my best friend being by my side. 
got a great deal on some pancetta! 
my family. 
a good nights sleep on the weekend. 
our home 
had time to myself to get ready for work this morning - parents were both still asleep. 
1. 
my parents still being alive, and that I can visit them . 
Bodie 
super grateful for the beautiful flowers that Josh bought for my mother. 
peace 
My family doesn't give up. 
My power is still on despite the crazy ice storm! 
Being married to Maria, she is such a good person and I am thankful that God put us together. 
A warm house with food 
Nice day today 
Financial support from my father & mother 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up early when everyone was still asleep and having time for myself to think and relax and do whatever I wanted. 
Waking up next to my great wife who supports and loves megetting 
really enjoyed spending my morning with my boy. 
talked and laughed with my man on Skype last night until 3:00 am and did most of my Valentine's Day nails! 
my wife 
My son asked if he could brush my hair to make me look pretty. 
friend shared with me a job thing regarding mbs. 
Seeing my son in the morning 
to have a really nice apartment that provides me a high quality of life: cleanliness, everything works, space, beauty, freedom in one of if not THE most expensive cities in the world to live in. 
Good discussion with Steve last night. 
Big Tv! 
Health 
my husband. 
Hoy me pude bañar tranquila 
I was (mostly) allowed to sleep in this morning. 
My dog marley 
guess today I am grateful that I was able to work with minimal interruption from Amber. 
Not spending random money! 
My husband has a desire to know me and is committed to overcoming are issues and communicate more. 
I was able to go and get Greek food with my amazing boyfriend it was a new experience for us and I really enjoyed it 
My family loves me and wants me to succeed. 
Found parking 
We ran into Matt while we were getting our oil changed, and since he was dropping off his car, we were able to give him a ride home. 
słońce które dziś świciło 
My administrators told me that they hear nothing but great things about me in the classroom, and that I am handling my first year of teaching incredibly well. 
Discovering a worthwhile certification course that could really help my financial situation. 
Car stereo worked all the way to work 
I am going to visit Devin in New Orleans four weeks from today, and that when I asked him how long we wanted me to stay, he said, "forever." 
Everyone joining together to chat and laugh 
the love and support of my parents 
Being told by someone very dear to my heart how much they missed our intelligent conversations. 
Working to make things better for everyone makes my life great - especially to know that I am helping animals who have no voice of their own. 
had a nice night sleep 
My house is warmer than it has been lately. 
John is painting the kitchen for me and went so far as to make sure I liked the color after the 1st coat because if not he'd wait for me to choose another and paint a different color. 
to get out and watch my son playing . 
My eldest son in the university. 
Nap 
watched Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood episodes 1 to 14, and it was great. 
My beautiful wife 
Snow made the work week short 
The help my family gives me around the when i need ir 
A Saturday alone at home 
My family is still here, so that's good. 
my kids 
ειμαι ευγνωμον που ειμαι υγιεις και εχω σπιτι και φαγητο . 
The cat 
family 
The first thing that brightened my day was Adelyn giggling as she woke up 
Ryan called and was genuinely concerned about my meeting at work 
Justin finally cleaned out the cat litter 
friends who are always open to listening to me. 
My friends and my family. 
Waking up to the sound of a camera clicking. 
My family 
my son giving me a hug before leaving for the afternoon. 
My boyfriend takes the dogs out. 
Living in Delaware 
Be part of the strategy 
I have a job with good benefits. 
My puppy dog 
I. I enjoyed being able to sleep in. 
Hanging out with my friend Joanne and telling her about my recent trip to Orlando and San Diego. 
My husband and son taking care of me while I'm down.Feeding me, running errands and bringing me things. 
The meeting with Mike was not as bad/frightening as I thought it would be. 
Drug myself to the gym 
4am high tea 10min break 
Going to olive garden 
my mother made lunch and family session for my birthday. 
my cat :) She makes me laugh because she is so playful and innocent. 
when I figure things out in a way that makes sense to me 
Came up with a new hairstyle and liked it 
my girlfriend. 
Orientation at new job. 
my husband that is a home guy who cares so much about our place to the point of pissing me off sometimes, but i'm thankful he is not a friend's guy who hangs around till late after work and comes home drunk. 
Today I got a good feedback from my colleagues about work and they made me comfortable on my decision to breastfeed while working. 
its great that the children are happy to be at home with us. 
Me 
have my own home. 
have a wonderfully fluffy and adorable puppy that loves me more than anyone else in the world 
My kids were excited to go to a movie with me this morning. 
A good friend told me that everything will work out and that I have what it takes to give my girlfriend what she needs. 
Grateful that Scott helped me and offered to help 
Playing board games tonight with old friends and a few potential new ones. 
Lying in bed with the wife 
Reading at my kitchen table. 
My friend Anupama contacting me that she had used coffee meets bagel and gotten a cute guy matched. 
everyone was feeling happy, not one fight. 
no longer relying on my last job to support me, the stress of not knowing where to go for work was bad. 
to have a warm day to relax without chores. 
Farah. 
Do snowshoeing with my husband 
Grateful for my son. 
1. 
1. 
a good breakfast 
woke up and my back wasn't hurting as much as it has been. 
had a good workout 
my beautiful family. 
Jay Nel Chuck 
1. 
Today, getting a hug and a ring pop from the media specialist at my school. 
Having gone through my ECON notes so quickly 
Nap; 
had such a lovely lunch from Sarnies. 
the exams period I was stressed because of my results in the past years. 
1. 
family 
My family makes my life great. 
Sledding with kids 
God blesses me everyday 
husbandsavingsfamilydogincome 
waking up and seeing my baby 
A patient calling me a beautiful lady 
Someone taped origami butterflies on my door. 
Michael and Eli gave me champaign and gloves to celebrate my Rowland fellowship 
Going to yoga earlier than usual, being out in the sun, and going to the farmer's market afterwards. 
This morning 
the support that my family provides; especially Darcy and Kayleigh 
no longer afraid of being sick. 
had a really good workout today. 
Ham salad. 
Harley loves the new scratch post we bought for him today, and actually has used it! 
1. 
making breakfast sandwich for husband. 
One thing that makes my life great is my ability to learn and discover new talents and abilities to create more cool shit. 
my home. 
Running into Hannah in Dickson 
a meaningful relationship with the boys 
My boss listened to my suggestion about not saying harsh words. 
Being able to play the piano with 2 hands 
My dog always greets me when I enter the room and my partner likes to hang out around the house. 
Woke up to snuggles with Nafy in bed with sunlight streaming in through the windows! 
a good nights sleep 
My dogs 
Today I am grateful for Dr. Kat. 
Being asked to be part of our conference 
had fun watching Frozen again with my mom and sister, the songs were fun 
Spending time with my fiancé. 
Still have hot water 
flexible hours of work 
got to spend all morning with Sydney and we didn't fight. 
My family who love me unconditionally 
was able to repair the sink 
Gracias por la comida que ya estaba rica y preparada cuando llegue de la oficina 
Ni let my Dad pet him and I got a photo of it to keep forever. 
My family 
Alex's smiley face when you walk out the door. 
all the phone calls from our kids today. 
Having a home to live in 
Seeing Sally and having a good talk with her. 
the video of the animals (Prepare To Have Your Heart Melted)my friend Marcella Hylton shared of face book today.The video was cute and made me laugh. 
my boyfriend cooked for me 
went for a long run. 
Seeing Watson flump around in the snow and burrow his nose and head in! 
Brenna asked me for my address so she is most likely going to send me something! 
Helped Harpreet feel better about her forgetting the MT certs 
had a nice breakfast with Karen. 
to be financially stable and well off. 
Wife shared something funny. 
Graham, he's the best thing that's ever happened to me. 
My husband 
Waking up and realizing I still had some more time to sleep. 
To create or solve things. 
kids are happy 
Gillian - I told her I was lonely and she talked to me on Skype today about my relationship troubles. 
1. 
Having reasonable enough health that I can go out and enjoy life. 
My experiences 
One of a close friends shared a link that made her shed tears of joy on my facebook wall and we haven't spoken since new year. 
Heath making pancakes. 
My loving, reliable family 
to my hardworking husband. 
My head spinning stopped 
Being able to get work! 
Handing in assessments 
had a really good gym session at 1AM which I've never done before. 
sharing in the news of sabrina n mike 
The Olympics being on TV 
Woke up after a great first date 
my partner 
Michael and I connect on a deep level, and we share so many important values. 
Robyn will be joining me for lunch at the Laksa Hut. 
Time with my son 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting a room at my favorite hotel and sleeping in a warm bed. 
My son 
Jesus Christ for loving me unconditinally. 
Today I baked cookies for a friend who is in the hospital. 
my wonderful and always giving fiancé, Ryan 
Rain is finally here! 
my parents. 
Time spent with kids 
waking up and going for a run and feeling really good, even though I didn't sleep much. 
The light shop seems to be doing well, and will hopefully continue is the coming months. 
went to my sisterinlaw's father's 90th birthday party. 
called a friend who I hadn't spoke to in a long time and caught up on recent events. 
Getting to wake up without an alarm clock. 
how hard my daughter is working to get over a traumatic event. 
wonderful days like these. 
my healthy happy children 
My boss bought me coffee 
Travis taking me to my training. 
My husband's gentleness and patience with my irrationality. 
Zach's college meeting went great! 
Lunch with Mom & Auntie 
Maddie's health issues are under control. 
Bernie helped me fix my water heater. 
I have enough of everything I need. 
My boyfriend is proud and certain enough of me to introduce me to his family and relatives 
Deja got her room done first thing with out whining and was able to do crafts today, and we also had a small tea party.Im grateful that Blayne got to make a monkey with me as well. 
Having a student worker when I didn't expect one in the 8-10ish shift. 
One thing that makes my life great is my family. 
was told I was the "best" by my general contractor for one of my projects. 
family/ health 
to my mother for taking such wonderful care of my son. 
Andrea 
My awesome husband 
1. 
Scott asked me out for valentines day 
My boss and friend bought me lunch and continues to offer me work because he knows that I need income. 
Being able to have solid poops 8) 
Pude ver a mis papás y a la Nana. 
Todos en la familia tenemos salud 
Tener una familia unida que se acompaña en las buenas y las malas 
My husband took my son to his ball practice so that I could rest. 
The puentes girls came over 
got to take a nap today. 
don't have to worry about not being able to buy a house. 
Grateful my friends play vidya 
Dougie because I can be honest with him. 
The office was closed due to snow, resulting in a somewhat relaxing day at home. 
had fun teaching my student and was reaffirmed by his dad about how good a job I'm doing 
1. 
Going for a walk on the beach and spending time with my husband 
getting to make dinner with my wife and daughter. 
Saying good morning to the woman walking her dog and the other rainy runner 
Spent lots of time in the sun 
Food in the fridge 
have a job so I don't have to worry about being unemployed. 
Adam's honor band was a great experience and the family had some nice, happy conversations and time together after the concert and on our way home. 
Getting compliments on a wreath I made for my Mother who is 92 years old and lives in an assistant living home. 
Mom. 
feel thankful that today was the first time me and my Mom didn't fight in a long time. 
Getting a massage 
being the coordinator of the anime club. 
got to walk with Lola 
Pammy comforting me when I was sad 
was able to sleep in while Michelle took the dog for a walk. 
Waking up in my own bed 
Steven coming back to give me a kiss 
To even have a family. 
to have such a good parents. 
Getting to Rhinebeck in time and without incident. 
my husband who took care of me yesterday when I had a bad ankle. 
Family 
sushi lunch with stuart. 
Thank you for the nice city where roads are becoming better. 
My dog 
my CPAP machine and it letting me sleep better 
Thanks for my dad. 
Getting to try out paddle boarding w my friend Sue 
a warm loving family. 
my honey bunny 
Camrynn making a new friend and having an awesome day. 
slept a lot over the weekend 
investments went well 
M 
getting he bathrooms cleaned ...finally 
getting the grocery shopping done 
i was able to help ben finish his mass tonage of homework projects 
Jared. 
Thank you for creating a peaceful environment for me to study at home, considering the circumstances! 
Thankful that my wife is understanding when I am stressed. 
to have a husband who is so loving and supportive of my long- and short-term goals. 
Jackie talked to me when I was out. 
the kind comments on the song I posted and the number of views it got. 
don't have to worry about being able to buy food. 
Che passed AP and English Quizzes. 
my husband went to handle the purchase of our new tv after our other one broke. 
Grocery shopping and catching up with Mitali 
Watching comedy movies and laugh with the people I care the most. 
Son listened to me for awhile 
Family 
nice house 
Seeing Hunter and Hazel together 
Going out for lunch with my husband. 
Independence 
a day with my husband 
Grateful for my girlfriend who thinks about me and talks to me. 
managed to get to work on time even though I left the house 5 mins late lol. 
Good sleep. 
Reaching office on time and being on top of things 
Family time at the movies 
the beautiful day if skiing with my husband yesterday . 
get to train and social dance with one social circle later today. 
do not need to worry about debt. 
was grateful to be able to sleep in this morning. 
1. 
Dinner was almost ready when I got home tonight from work. 
My son being so cute and sleeping so well 
Someone thanked me for acknowledging them and not brushing them off 
Good food 
my wife picked up groceries 
Thankful that Shoan Yin stopped by to make dinner and keep me company. 
Speaking with a friendly customer service representative who helped me get my independent health insurance for a reasonable price. 
A woman gave me a sympathetic look and smile while a large man repeatedly rammed into me trying to force his way onto the train. 
my life, it has been interesting. 
went to the farmers market in Little Italy with Katie. 
This morning I woke up with Henry and we went for a walk and I got to flames and fernwood. 
Mason encouraging me to eat breakfast this morning in a way that reduced food waste. 
Cutting my hair to donate it 
ran into my husbands good friend Esther at church 
I was healthy and felling well 
My adorable kids 
Getting an amzing gift from Ruairí! Flowers, post it notes, a wrap, chocolate milk. 
Roof over my head and bed to sleep in 
having a support system of family living in and around my home. 
Waking up went smoothly 
Books and learning make my life great - so many things to understand and find out about. 
A funny older gentleman who visited my bar. 
Seeing that it was a nice, sunny day outside. 
When I woke up to my love marlos's cute naked body and he was trying to cover himself but I jumped on him instead. 
got enough sleep (Sun) until 11am. 
talked with my aunt about the plan on rebuilding my grandpa's old house for a new purpose that can help us get a better living standard. 
had a great day thinking that I don't need my ex bf to be happy 
Dinner out with friends 
Waking to my beautiful family 
My bosses trusts me on being a Team Leader. 
cooked a very large meal for my husband that he loved and made up my own recipe. 
to have a own house 
Elise 
The first thing that brightened my day was not sleeping the day and getting stuff done. 
My Family 
had a good lunch where i didnt feel ignored. 
my co-workers. 
Grateful to have such a wonderful parents .They hardly questions my priorities .But they stress me sometimes to get settled quickly in my life . 
Mum made roast for lunch, I love roast 
Feeling Dorothy's baby kick 
to have a comfortable home located in a peaceful barangay. 
went to the gym. 
Things are better with Lindsay now, and we've aired all our dirty laundry about how we feel. 
Paul - keeps me level, makes me feel loved, makes me feel safe, makes me feel comfortable 
the kids got up for school without a fight and made it to the bus without fighting! 
Cooked breakfast with the wife 
Finding some Peet's Green tea in my parents' cupboard. 
Watching Jana smile 
woke up without a sore throat 
Elaine, Maggie and I got back in touch 
My coworker Kym cares enough about including me in the team that she apologized for not bringing coffee for me today (Sat), even though I wasn't expected coffee, or putting off a "where's mine" vibe. 
a funny facebook post 
Mom came home from Philippines and loved the flowers I gave her. 
took a soothing bubble bath 
was able to do my workout, both yoga and core strengthening exercises. 
I got to take a nice nap without interuption. 
Having good friends 
My loving parents 
Time away with Max and David 
I had an awesome day with Emma here 
My two boys are healthy and happy. 
Steven held the door open for his mom and me when we went to Denny's last night. 
To wake up near my girlfriend 
My housemate cleaned out our pantry to get rid of our moth problem. 
Michael buying us drinks 
my friend is offering me a lot of valuable advice on my career plans and is so willing to help. 
Sabrina and I had a great day just relaxing and having great sex 
My bunnies 
Feeling safe in my home. 
Very supportive friends and family 
conversation with F about problem we had 
my BFF 
having supportive friends 
Speaking to my friend. 
hate my self 
having an awesome family. 
Parents love 
to have spent time with my family today. 
1. 
Having the experience to manage SAG. 
seeing my children happy 
My parents 
holiday with a loved one 
Grateful that I get to go on this hut trip. 
my ability to adapt and learn new skills. 
My relationship with Vicki is going to go all sorts of places. 
My family 
Candice texted, concerned about holidays 
so grateful for my partner in this world. 
lost weight! 
have temporary free netflix on this new ipad 
1. 
not unwittingly playing second fiddle to someone else, real or imagined, by a partner. 
Sal hiding the banana for my breakfast 
had a cup of tea 
making sons breaky 
watching movies, especially comedy. 
My family's members are all healthy. 
Worship 
My housemates spent the day enjoying some much needed time as a family and couple, while I got to have the kitchen to myself and cook a meal for them to come home to. 
The lunch box my housemate prepared for me. 
Grateful for finally getting motivation and having the time to start painting the toilet wall 
My kidsMy three beautiful, intelligent, healthy kids. 
Jag vände humöret från sur till ganska glad och nöjd 
The prospect of getting together with Jenny 
The support that I have received from my family. 
Iced chocolates at church 
Grateful that Gabriel's fever is in control. 
Family 
Being able to spend time with my mom, my sister, and my brother. 
Felix is getting better. 
Gave medicine to my pet two times. 
cleaned the kitchen on Friday. 
The sun was up when I cycled to work 
mum taking on work responsibilities and bbq 
Sunny day 
Grant came over to wake me up for work. 
Waking up after a long sleep and having been able to sleep for the extra three hours. 
tea in the bed 
Giving without question 
light therapy, and for the sleep protocol Dr W put in place for me that has allowed me to sleep decently since early 2005. 
Believing T wasn't in love with me. 
Mein Mann, sein Lächeln von innen und außen. 
To be loved 
finished a difficult section 
Nozy gave me a bunch of old PC's and hardware just cause! 
to have Reed in my life. 
The Rainbow on my bus journey 
Went to dancing class, it was good. 
listened to IlVolo on my way to work and I had a smile on my face. 
stayed positive and determined to have children. 
waking-up today and feeling happy. 
Geraldo is very dedicated and interested in everyone doing their best. 
My family and the support they give me makes my life great. 
Saved video to memory stick for Premiers Spirit of Anzac Prize 
A boss who supports and appreciates me. 
Unemployement. 
My sons 
my children 
Health 
got in touch with Freddie 
have a wonderful husband and two healthy boys 
The mortgage is paid off so the pressure of my salary is off. 
Was able to study 
have a nice house and pool. 
Picking up my oldest son after a great winning weekend in Showchoir 
Jerry made us breakfast and coffee 
My family and I are all healthy 
Hugs and kisses from Rylan and Dylan 
Extra people showed up yesterday so I was able to complete my pre-work on time and get my head "in the game." 
Traveling to Haiti, especially Miami airport security, delays, and meeting my driver. 
got up at 4am, and I ate a solid breakfast. 
Beautiful day outside 
mit michael sehr über die weltkugelgeschichte gelacht 
a roof over my head. 
the cats don't destroy the apartment. 
I got to visit the beautiful Torrey pines state park. 
Waking up to Sunday! time at home, relaxed breakfast. 
A nice home 
Hazwan is always there to make me happy. 
We enjoyed each others company 
saw a friend and his father today while walking. 
Piles of books 
My family and the possibility of return to endless azure days. 
Giving advice to Elizabeth was nice (I should talk to people about their lives more, especially T) 
T Chu! 
Pretty good. 
Tomoko. 
Great 
Het ware genieten van mijn gezin 
Having a new living room with calming colors, plants, and beautiful textures to look at. 
When the boys are calm and not fighting. 
the help my supervisor gave me to apply for funding 
Rae holding my hand 
really grateful for my friends who have been helping me out. 
we can laugh, we are creative. 
Sunday to be able to relax as a family and not have any place to go or major thing to do. 
Working at a suck job and having to commute 
Nailing a client presentation! 
have the luxury of choosing and consuming all kinds of entertainment with the touch of a button and in the privacy of my own home. 
so grateful when Hal & I connect. 
Meeting my father's step-dad and hearing him say he's proud of me. 
Amy is giving me amazing opportunities to expand my career 
When I saw the beautiful sun outside - even though it's February and there's a lot of snow! 
woke up early and went to pick up my fruits/veggies at the local produce co-op and was pleasantly surprised at all the awesome stuff I got. 
Jasmine is looking forward to seeing me tonight 
Sitting on the sofa and cuddling with the puppy 
Adriane - she is a loving and caring wife. 
Being able to give 100% of my energy to healing and to my family. 
to be employed. 
Sophia smiling at me this morning 
a healthy baby. 
No one has the stomach flu at home! 
My mom came and played with baby and brought me lots of food. 
was able to get the laundry done and out of the way first thing this morning. 
Family: I have a good family. 
Job loss co 
Listening to the boys play nicely together. 
my fiance helped make lunch. 
My significant other, Scott, makes my life very happy. 
Troy's support 
Video of Harper and digit 
Avoided a fight with my wife 
1. 
My life is great because I live in a comfortable safe warm place. 
a better commute then I could have had 
My dog came over before I was out of bed and snuggled, wanted his soft ears rubbed. 
Your hair looks good like that! - Lovey 
my wife being there for me. 
Friends 
My children 
Ser convidada para almoçar com a tios e avô. 
Being love and love 
Having a close relationship with my sister. 
1. 
Sparkly snow 
I¨m grateful because im he healthy. 
Cubemate - Brian 
Had a nice time with my daughter at the Valentine's dance 
Having a date with my husband. 
Having the house all to myself in the morning. 
being able to study something that I am passionate about. 
The sun was out for a little bit this morning. 
Thankful I got the chance to finally start this. 
plumber came and fixed the disposal 
Ingrid for being there and keeping the house going even though i left 
Jayme putting the groceries away. 
OLYMIC WEIGHTLIFTING!!!!!! lifted heavy ish on back squat but more importantly, got the technique correct on squat snatch. 
Ken taking the lead in having the kids help with cleaning up the house. 
seeing my birds 
Chocolate croissant I bought at lunch. 
Spending the day with my son 
had a productive day by getting a chore donw without interruption 
friends and family who accept me for who I am, with the good and bad and help me become better without making me feel bad who I am now 
family wife kids, home 
Grateful for my mom and her help and her cooking, and support with veggies. 
My wife and the time that we get to spend together 
Gutes Wetter 
woke up to pretty red fingernails. 
JF is being respectful of my personal space currently, which is a huuuuuge relief. 
my kids are home and healthy. 
Kevin and I in bed this morning. 
my fiance woke up and immediately put tea on for us. 
My job 
Today meetings was useful 
great review at work! 
Finally the snow is clearing up and I have the chance to go to work and make people beautiful today. 
My mom cooking delicious food, while trying to take my nausea into consideration. 
We launched 2 very significant projects that pushed our reactive and technical limits and which are a great confidence boost as a result. 
Dan did the dishes this morning because I cooked last night. 
Our engagement was announced in church 
my son going down for a nap without any fuss today. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my two dogs in my bed, giving me morning kisses. 
I always have support of someone 
Finding out how much my friendship means to people. 
Parent as a Coach web and book 
have a very supportive mum and boyfriend who both know me very well and accept my flaws. 
jest nam z mamą dobrze w swoim towarzystwie, potrafimy razem działać i rozmawiać 
nie martwię sie że Krzysik mnie zostawi.wiem, 
Wonderful friends that celebrated my b'day with a lot of love 
mostly healthy 
Cooking delicious meals for Az and I. 
i am wealthy 
think being a minimalist makes my life great. 
was able to sleep in while Patrick took Chloe out. 
My boyfriend helping me out when I am about ready to explode. 
My boyfriend being in care of great nurses and staff at the hospital 
My mom was able to take care of my pup while I'm injured! 
- Super grineren.- 
A loving, encouraging, inspiring marriageFamily that loves me unconditionallyAdventures 
A friend invited me over for a visit. 
Noonan. 
The first thing that brightened my day today was the fact that I didn't have to go out in the snow and slush and ice, and could work from home. 
That i get to do things at work that I truly love. 
A close friendship with Pat. 
don't have to worry about a partner's jealousy. 
My friend gave me the position that would get me free food and some money over other people. 
Things didn't go terribly. 
My bed! 
Roxanne's losing weight 
Getting up at a reasonable hour that made me feel like I still had most of the day ahead of me to do...anything! 
Having supportive and loving parents. 
my friends who constantly check in with me to make sure i am doing well 
Able to lay in bed and relax for an hour 
My amazing husband 
People kept noticing my finger splint and asking me how my finger was hurt with genuine concern. 
Did 1-1 bible study with Suet Wei and she seems very happy and grateful. 
Playing cards 
I got to talk to Alice, really for the first time. 
Friends and family 
Cooking, cause it not only make others happy but it makes me happy knowing that people genuinely enjoy the things I create. 
a wonderful girlfriend who is very supportive in my present and future endeavors. 
My friend's baby was born today 
Sunday lunches and the chance to sit down and catch up with my family each week. 
out of bad relationships with Jimmy and Ben so I do not have to worry about that. 
Having a place to live. 
T sanoi, että kyllä tästä vielä hyvä tulee. 
to my mom for inviting me to dinner every night even when I have not been very social, and for making home cooked meals for everyone even when she is very busy with work. 
Freedom makes my life great, the fact that anything can happen at any time and I'm free to follow it up, its exciting. 
went to get tacos with Denis 
smart people 
Nice lunch with my parents 
Today, I was grateful for my walk on Broderick street in the rain, especially happening upon the house at 1130 Broderick, which reminded me of home. 
Maybe I will go to the World Cup 
I have been able to spend quiet time with Graham today, because it makes me realize how much I value our relationship. 
my co-workers and colleagues. 
A man who loves me for who I am 
Being an AR activist 
Having a good job2. 
Eva 
Fun conversation with Melvin about winter 
completed 30min of elliptical this morning. 
The first thing that made me happy was that I got to dance with Tiantian. 
My wife cooked some meatballs and a omelette. 
don't have to worry about more about applying to school (college or graduate school). 
found the new Ben and Jerry's Core ice creams and got the hazelnut one for Tiantian. 
The midterm exam I had to take this morning was not as hard as I feared it might have been. 
was just thinking about how so many people don't have food, even at this very moment. 
Tiantian got back from Doha. 
got some of the problem set done. 
my boyfriend 
woke up feeling well. 
already went to the grocery store this weekend 
gratefull for having good food and heating in the house. 
I spent a nice weekend away with my friends and husband 
being healthy and having a safe place to live. 
have a mom who cooks the food I want to eat. 
Ania has the same sense of humor. 
so grateful to have been able to visit Laura 
Today breakfast time with my boyfriend went smoothly.We talked about the news and weather and sat and enjoyed our breakfast. 
One thing that makes my life great is my ability to see life though a different lens than a lot of people. 
Waking up to my husband 
im able to afford a nice flat. 
Aaron took the boys to play in the snow and I got to sleep in with a quiet house. 
Woke up next to my lovely hare 
having seen ale playing with the lego starship we've created together 
Found another location to work. 
My in-laws watching Georgia for the weekend so that I can rest! 
made a quiche from scratch 
Running through the park of my city 
Making a delicious lunch with my mom 
Little Verona charging around, happily exploring. 
my life 
My friend offered to let me use them as a reference at the job I am applying for. 
was able to sleep in this morning with no interuptions 
forgeting about a paper until the night before it was due. 
My family. 
Hatem offered to buy me dinner. 
to have two healthy children whose laughter and smiles brighten my days, and who love me and want my approval and love. 
When I was a girl, I had asthma - luckily, childhood asthma, which I grew up about the time I was in college. 
(I'm doing gratitude for the things that are annoying me at the moment. 
Got to see and talk to Jenn 
Fridge at work/Fridge at hotel - Both allow me to stay on track with eating goals 
to have a wonderful family, grandparents who care and support my kids in their success and difficulties. 
Money.We have plenty of, no worries on that side. 
There is a good break period and my co-workers are great. 
Reconnecting with my daughter after a couple of days of conflicts 
Nancy gave me a hug and I know she's praying for us tomorrow. 
Unexpectedly having insurance cover my broken computer. 
Waking up in my house, warm, and next to my wife 
Waking up next to the love of my life. 
Moving to a new room 
Love 
A lovely boyfriend & family. 
Going on a run in the morning. 
so appreciate my friend LR, with whom I shared an uplifting phone call recently, largely about the value and purpose of turning life's lemons into lemonade. 
have a strong desire to help others as well as take good care of myself 
Ed contacted me and asked me to go out last night. 
Melissa being there to help look after the kids and get them ready for school 
to have a warm, dry home that protects me and my loved ones from the elements 
Called Dad made me smile; helped fix short circuit 
Phone call to my best friend. 
My job and my cycling make my life great 
Vicky and I had phish food ice cream cuddled up on the sofa 
no one I care about complained about eating vegetarian for my birthday 
A kiddy/wink from Nathan 
am a hardworking person who can manage my home perfectly 
was grateful for a snuggle from Amy cat. 
The wedding. 
Seeing A smile 
Taking care of my pets and enjoying the presence of animals. 
My life 
lunch - made with sardines and zucchini 
My best bud at work is fantastic and keeps me sane 
Today I got to wake up and see my boyfriends beautiful face. 
God. 
my wife who loves me 
Waking up 
a loving and supportive husband. 
1. 
Children living with me 
my mom. 
increased the membership in Fuse by 180% compared to January 2013. 
Having a girlfriend who cares enough about me to support me and helps me try to be the best I can be, sometimes inspire of the fact that it means putting my career above hers. 
the large pot of soup that Michael and I made for the week. 
had a VERY stressful night the other night on my ride home from Corey and Carly's house, and I recovered in less than a day. 
My job has changed significantly, so that now I am able to take much more time off to focus on ME. 
Grateful for My Girls and Family who Loves me!!! 
I'm almost over a bad cold and was able to take care of myself and do what I needed to do to stay home and rest. 
I am alive today. 
my job. 
Having a good dinner. 
I get to live with my best friend. 
Parker smiling in church. 
work with people I consider friends 
my husband's patience with me. 
My dogs 
very grateful for my husband. 
The first thing to brighten my day was to get my hair done and learn that Alicia is expecting a baby. 
cleaned the kitchen 
My healthMy husbands healthmy dogs love and affectiontalking to my husband 
the snow cleared up. 
I don't have to worry about the stress of finding a new house to live in anymore! 
was thankful today that Amanda was in a good mood. 
laughing with a friend 
woke up next to my beautiful husband 
woke up to my first alarm today and had the time to cook and eat, and ease into my day. 
Getting an early morning text message 
Woke up in time for work 
the call from Jenn last night. 
my mother, because she will love me forever. 
THANKFUL FOR DAVID SHOWING ME HAPPIFY.COM 
have everything I need at home, it's spacious and I can spend time in the bathroom for hours! 
completing grocery shopping 
Spending time with Katie. 
a satisfying profession, where I can follow my passion. 
1. 
I get another chance at love 
Time to myself at the end of the day. 
My husband willing tolerance me for I staying at my mum's home in several days. 
was able to sleep in (pretty much all day) and recover from last night. 
1. 
Putting together Zoe's bike and watching her ride it 
I have a family 
my wife took care of the cat tonight 
Knowed new apps 
to have a roof over my head, a warm home and a comfortable bed. 
have a great job. 
Snuggling on couch watch movie 
going to class talking to people 
Got to go to Kings 
Herbs 
My husband and I had a long talk today. 
have a good job. 
My husband - a constant, consistent husband. 
a more patient parent. 
My family. 
Bruce - I talked to him last night about how anxious and fearful I am and he listened. 
have a job. 
My marriage. 
Parents willing to help me with my first home down payment 
Stephen went to the store and bought me stuff to make one of my favorite soups... AND chocolate! 
moved far away from my mother, making negative contact with her much less likely. 
Waking up thinking about the dream my partner told me about in the middle of the night 
Making me breakfast when I was stressed and writing a paper, because it made me feel taken care of. 
El beso de la mañana 
patient 
Julie texted me and said let's chat later today. 
A day off of work to deal with that time 
Thanks my mom for dinner everyday. 
don't have to worry about my phone battery, because i got 2 phone. 
My loving girlfriend 
awesome bed 
got to watch episodes of a show I really enjoy, and chat with a friend who is traveling with her daughter. 
have great siblings 
work with really good men. 
My daughter surviving a flight home without having a meltdown despite being overly sleep deprived. 
my boyfriend loves me and supports me in everything I do. 
Delicious dinner made by husband. 
I have such relaxed teachers. 
my dad would call me daily and asked if i would to have dinner so that he could packed home for me. 
I had the energy to get some chores done around the house and still fully tend to my daughter. 
caught up on all of the dreaded housekeeping chores that I have been procrastinating, and now I have them all done in time for Phil's visit this weekend. 
don't have to worry about driving in the snow / ice for much longer--it's supposed to warm up a lot in the next week. 
getting along better with and connecting more with my boss. 
Seeing that Joanna was working today. 
J'ai commencé un nouveau livre. 
Food to eat. 
helping out a student lead her to attain better results in her assignment. 
not dealing with substance abuse anymore, currently. 
Went to my audiologist appointment with me, and just generally been so great about my attempt at healing in all senses of the word 
Baba says ya3tikeh l3afyeh 
Delivered my car 
Some one called to drop an order for Air-conditioner installation. 
made some curtains while my son slept so my room would be darker to get better sleep 
the time I had to lay by myself today and enjoy quiet moments. 
Parent was nice at work when they didn't have to be 
getting to spend the day with my beautiful nephew. 
My manicure 
Yummy & healthy guyabano shake for only P25. 
Chuck 
Short day at work. 
Lara because she makes me feel valued and liked. 
Thankful for my hubby has yet to give on us 
Working with good people 
youth sunday 
Jovial text from my wife. 
2 minutes of stand up 
Coffee with Michelle 
waking up at my friend, Robyn's, house and spending the morning with her and her family. 
took the dog on a walk 
had time to fold all the washing and put away most of the clothes 
Will looking after the kids when I went to the psychologist 
Terrible neighbours - we moved house into a better neighbourhood, never hear from the current ones! 
Sunshine. 
My dog 
Healthy happy kids 
having Laura and her boys in my life 
My husband is tolerant of the mess I make at home. 
Listening to instrumentals 
My roommate is okay with a bit of mess and understanding about it. 
Rob is thoughtful enough to not only plan dinner, but to have it cooking and ready when I come home from work every day. 
My husband taking care of the baby so I can get more sleep. 
can dance. 
my kids. 
Had somebody be thankful I made them dinner 
Sharon helped with lunch 
A lot of my work can be completed from home 
My relationship with God. 
Lunch with Marko and Petra 
don't have to worry about being in the closet. 
so glad we started this group chat at work. 
1. 
a light for my closet 
Doggie kisses and gratefulness 
Scott cleaned the kitchen 
Cuddling with Koji. 
My health 
Jon buying my breakfast and printing my stuff 
The bullshit with Elie is mostly behind me. 
knowing that the weekend had been awesome so far 
Got seat in bus in morning and even though had to wait very long for bus in evening got a seat soon 
Got caught up with an old friend 
Oliver 
I have a mom who does everything she can for me. 
Walks in the park with Sherbie, Pam, and Olive 
The dawgs. 
Deciding to play music to calm myself down when trying to get my car off the ice 
My managers taking a chance on me even though I struggled in my previous jobs. 
food to eat. 
not completely stress out about being assaulted by an ex-boyfriend any longer, his past actions don't consume my every thought and the physical wounds have healed, and I am still working on emotional and mental healing :) 
My family supports what I want to do in the future 
have a clean home 
WENT FOR A RUN 
Supportive sisters who wish the best for me. 
My boyfriend 
Seeing that it rained last night 
Got to celebrate my brother's birthday with him 
there will always be food on the table whenever i tell my mom i'm hungry 
Thanks for all good blesses 
have a roof over my head and food on the table. 
A good lunch with friends yesterday 
I`m grateful for having a supportive, kind family; mother, father, and 2 brothers. 
A second chocolate bar out of the vending machine, for free! 
Maximus 
someone send me a YouTube link 
Cuddling with girlfriend 
good weather - summer is arriving and the weather today is chilly with just a little bit of sunshine. 
A cheerful, colourful video that I saw on FB, which made me giggle. 
Took me out for a mystery date which turned out to be the ballet, which he knows I love. 
found some great nibbles and wine for a night in with my man. 
My sister I'm glad she's there to make me my milk tea every morning... and doing everything for me . 
i am able to speak to people and i am able to make them understand what i am trying to say 
Seeing my handsome husband asleep next to me when I woke up this morning 
Feeling my husband's love for me everyday 
remembering last night 
Mom made a great meal. 
I went to church this morning, and joined the life group class where I got to socialize with people my age and share different views on topics of my interest. 
bwear because he took time and effort to fetch me from the bus stop :3 
Vanessa talked to me for three hours even though she had work to do. 
a friend I haven't talked to in more than a year, invited me to a walk in the park, then we went to her place to drink tea and I borrowed a nice book. 
managed to unstick alot of work I had stagnating in my inbox. 
A friend called me, wanting to hang out. 
woke up this morning 
Watching Bella dragging her lead ready for a walk 
Constance test 
being able to waken up every morning and look out into my garden at the birds, squirrels, rabbits, occasional deer, foxes and badgers. 
had a really great time hanging out with Chris today. 
grew up and ugly kid and I was always worried that I would both never look better, and that people would never think I was attractive. 
Woke up on time today and didn't wake up super late, so I get to preserve my sleep schedule. 
The first thing to brightening my day was breakfast it tasted really good. 
christoph is zo lief 
My wife introduced me to this program as a means of increasing the happiness in our marriage, and perhaps my personal happiness, too. 
waking up next to my bf 
Spending time with my Mom in the morning at the clinic. 
the smiles of my baby 
Brunch 
Took two big kids out 
My uncle called me today. 
Coming home after work and having a delicious cooked dinner prepared by my husband. 
Sunshine 
familyreasonable healthcomfortable financially 
Supportive husband- Lee encourages me to study and further more. 
My wife, spending time with her. 
My dog not peeing on the floor today 
Karol Wedding. 
had a word with my mom. 
Ellie did her violin this morning without being hassled 
visited Jean 
Thuyen cooked for me tonight. 
Friend that check if I'm good today. 
Rent is cheep for a nice place 
The first thing that brightened my day was engaging my happy children in preparing for the day. 
compliments 
The amazing breakfast my boyfriend made me <3 
Waking up in the morning with energy and not feeling sleepy or dreading the starting day. 
to my milk heater, to make me lovely at home lattes on mornings when it's hard to get moving. 
thought Clayton was mad at me or thought I was weird. 
Hearing my dad's voice this morning. 
Kyle took me out for a great birthday dinner. 
The Sun. 
Amanda is picking me up to go for lunch today. 
Starting my day laughing with Ruby Jean, Kaylah and Cierra 
My boys are precious. 
Seeing my husband and dog when I woke up. 
My students said I do a good job and they enjoy my teaching. 
Seeing my daughter 
the roof over my head and my office. 
Family to go home to. 
People notice and appreciate it when I try to help them 
Lisa wants to be friends. 
Parents support and challenge 
Snwshoeing with willy 
Walk in the beautiful cold winter day. 
love 
my ball made chocolate for me on valentine's day. 
Talked with a partner on how to solve an important personal issue inside the company 
Fun coworkers who make the day go by, make me laugh 
my son being such a nice person. 
I have two amazing children that think I am a good mom 
My wonderful friends and boyfriend who are helping me out right now. 
my friend Karen came by to visit. 
Jude liked his shirt and it was super cute. 
get to play with most of the people in town whose work I respect most highly. 
meds - was off them for 26 years and managed somehow. 
Listening to my baby sing about her love for Jesus while she put away the groceries. 
My husband and I didn't argue today. 
Tina is very funny, so glad to have met her 
taking a long walk with my friend Janou 
Felt I did well at my first Toastmasters meeting. 
can come back home and straight away can eat dinner 
Bryce 
cats 
was mentioned in country team for asking a lot 
The first thing that brightened my days was hearing Maribel make plans with a friend to meet at train station to go to school together 
my friend Jill. 
was late to work, but no one harassed me about it. 
Grateful that I am still alive and able to experience things with complete senses. 
made it to work on time- planned accordingly and RJ had a good morning making it easy to get out the door 
My daughter was nice today. 
Rita told me I sang very well. 
My agenda helps me feel in control 
Brian and Ted coming in when the laundry room filled with water; despite it being so early in the morning. 
I moved out, I don't have to worry about Michelle's outbursts and mental collapses. 
Pizza with family. 
NOT seeing snow on the road this morning. 
found lost key 
Pets 
One thing that makes my life great is spending time with my family, laughing and having a good time. 
to have a family that loves and cares for me. 
Corinne appearing at my desk with a big, bright smile and greeting. 
had an excellent long working hours 
Burdock! Walking. 
Food. 
my son wanted to play for a lil'bit this morning. 
Good shoes to have for when it's raining 
I have a roof over my head and for my friend whose place it is. 
showered and my hair looked great. 
James is taking a general with the writer I liked, even though he didn't "get" the sample. 
Had a great roller derby practice where I got to play with my team and play well. 
Ella was in a good mood when she woke up. 
went to yoga and laughed in the car with friends. 
Stephen made reservations for us for Valentines Day. 
hot coffee. 
Molly 
got a add oil msg from my eX colleagues 
Tengo bastante independencia en mi trabajo 
My loving, understanding, and impossibly patient girlfriend. 
There was no taxi line! 
got to sleep in & wake up with the man of my dreams, how truly lucky I am! 
A good night's sleep. 
My darling husband who loves me unconditionally 
My fiance and family. 
My husband 
Sleeping in on a Monday! 
Cozido 
Waking up to my Fiance. 
homemade chili. 
Page shared one of the ways he values me, and made an effort to commit his time to things that make me happy. 
MagnusSkilaMamaVicky 
being acknowledged when I do a good job. 
got to light a lot of candles the other night and wasn't told to take them all down. 
1. 
Was told I look cute 
my husband loves me for who I am and unconditionally. 
Matthias being on track developmentally. 
Today I spent time reading to Matthias and playing with him. 
Improved My Work Habbits And Relationships with co workers. 
The fire is really warm. 
the first time in my life, I feel healthy in an active, able, way rather than a purely cosmetic way. 
was able to stay in the apartment this weekend and get errands done and check off things on my to-do list. 
Had a great meeting with Marty; he mentioned that he thought I was really skilled in certain areas and gave me excellent feedback on my IGERT project 
My wife really does love me. 
our rent is cheap. 
Grateful for my mom bought a delicious cake for my birthday 
My kids started to feel better, after being sick for the whole week. 
He gave J a gift/tin from his trip. 
Erik took Markus to that birthday party this morning, so I didn't have to. 
Money. 
Alex got up this morning before I did and got Madeline dressed, which meant that I didn't have to fight the battle of getting her to pick clothes and not change out of them. 
made some appointments i had been meaning to make for a while 
One of my co-workers saved me from having to drive to the computer store to swap out a bad power supply. 
ex-boyfriend who didn't want to work. 
my puppies are both healthy today. 
Pilots who help me with work and express their appreciation for what I do. 
Learning that I have hope and God has a plan for me. 
My parents who have given me so much 
Ben really enjoyed making his 100 square pillow for class. 
got a warning citation instead of ticket for having a front headlight out. 
My girlfriend and her influence on my life 
Wife bought me balloon for b day that sad love it got to me 
The sun was shining and I had a warm coat for the cold 
Susan and Tina preparing info for me as background to the client meeting tomorrow. 
that really yummy salad I made 
Ron cleared the counter tops last night before going to bed, 
Thankful for my daughter and how she is so helpful with chores around the house 
People I know liking a post on facebk where I commented on how talented my sister in law is. 
My coworker laughs very hard at my jokes, although I know they are not that funny. 
My cat purring on my pillow when I woke up 
My nephew is there who makes my mom,brothers,dad & bhabhi very happy. 
Going up north and at the farm, spending time in nature. 
Invited myself to the meeting that the coworker organised. 
Game night 
My husband. 
Nicki helped me do my errands yesterday. 
Today I figured out how to control the temperature in my shower. 
Having my client bring new people to work out with. 
Ausschlafen! 
Chemistry practicali love getting involved in the hands on aspect of my course! it makes me truly greatful that i have the opportunity to learn at such a prestigious university and im proud of myself for working towards my dream 
cars actually started in the cold 
took up the courage to go the dentist and set appointments! 
to have the house clean when i got home 
Being a part of a fantastic winterguard family 
Trainer told me I performed good today 
My friend Fred contacted me and asked for a Catholic reading list, explaining that he'd had a major breakthrough from his anti-Catholic upbringing, and wanted to understand Catholicism on its own merits. 
Able to have time alone to relax before I went to bed. 
waking up to giannas smile 
A friend said she loves me 
Finally have food in the fridge after putting off going to the grocery store. 
Alan being very supportive/helping me manage workload 
Today I was able to buy a new outfit to surprise my husband with on our Valentines day date. 
had a positive/productive session in the afternoon with the boys. 
Fertility 
Being able to take a sick day and still have someone to take care of the babe. 
Grandmother always waits with warm food everyday. 
Kids 
We had breakfast at work and I enjoy pancakes 
was stressed about my divorce and I am handling Valentines Day with a pretty calm, up beat attitude. 
Getting my work completed this morning, despite being poorly 
one thing i'm grateful for is sleeping in today. 
talked to an old friend about his life. 
Billy made sure to kiss me and tell me he loves me before leaving 
Netter Smalltalk mit den Terbuyken-Mädels. 
The love of myusband 
My new foster dog coming up for cuddles. 
Tiffany had her baby and both are safe and happy! 
got an accidental great new haircut. 
finished the Wool Tree logo in Photoshop. 
was able to mount the our bedroom television without issue. 
We got through the inspection of the house. 
My kids that are the joy of my life. 
Giving my daughter a hug first thing in the morning 
my daughter is trying harder to do what I ask of her. 
The birth. 
Diligently taking wellness vitamins to offset the onset of icky-sickness. 
I"m grateful that I have the tools I need to get work done. 
to still have my home 
my mom helping me with my economic problems 
1. 
Being a mother 
my boyfriend 
Jess invited me to go hiking with her, even asking her friend if I could tag along. 
Paula was at work today 
Having a home and a family. 
felt good when I woke up 
got to Skype with Claire! 
My mother is still living . . . 
No longer married to John. 
I was able to have an uninteruppted rest this afternoon! 
0 
0 
0 
Valentina's day was amazing. 
The blessing of parenthood. 
A wife that spends lots of time trying to make me happy outside of her worklife. 
so Grateful for my husband! 
The first time the Boyfriend cooked for me 
Travel ease to office 
I was able to take a nice warm bath instead of going out to the barn tonight. 
Bruce!!! 
Got rid of ice on back step 
Robert being so understanding 
My husband and baby 
ate healthy for lunch 
ran into Daniel on my way to get lunch and it was nice to see him. 
1. 
Crossovers! 
Family 
Waking up next to my love 
Interacting with a customer about how he had lost a bet and seeing the interaction between the two customers about said bet. 
Today I got to go skiing all day and get paid for it, I am grateful to be in this career 
have someone who is always there for me and loves/supports me in everything I do (my grandma :D) 
Mary Adducci offering to create a banner for Jen's shower, 
The kitties are friendly and love me 
Jesus paid the price for my sins. 
brought my cat to the vet and she got vaccinated and licensed. 
my husband made us a picnic. 
my family and support. 
recieved a message from my college friends sad because i wasn't be present at first day back there. 
Mom and dad are healthy and happy in FL 
New place 
having a job that allows me to feel fulfilled and let's me be available to coach track 
Exam wasn't that bad. 
Finally got Charlie to concentrate and read, once he tried he could read well. 
My husband had a delicious dinner waiting on the stove when I got home from work today. 
Showing the kids how I can walk "normally" now. 
My husband made dinner 
don't have to worry about being hungry. 
Schedule went smoothly: I was able to look ahead and add blocks to the schedule, facilitating patient flow. 
to live with my family who help me with my daughter so that I can complete homework, work on school items, and relax more than I would have. 
talked with Paul Issac today. 
didn't crash my car although the roads were very slippery. 
Tyler caring 
Seeing Ted interact with Gideon and Noah. 
feel ok right now. 
the support of my family especially when I have been so mentally unwell. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up feeling rather well-rested and content. 
The love of my life. 
Looking outside at the view from my shower area. 
Rich bought me coffee and tried to make me feel better. 
1. 
A co-worker unexpectedly said hello without wanting anything from me. 
to my gorgeous children in the morning. 
La posibilidad de poder trabajar con mi alumna de manera particular. 
waking up with Carl in his new bed 
A friend of mine provided some really good resources for the job hunt. 
Joy touched base with me on Facebook, and gave me some positive feedback. 
Sex to start the day. 
Rose visit 
Ran 1 mile during commercial break. 
Valentine's Day gift from parents. 
Hots showers make life great. 
I have a family who cares about me when I got hurt, cares enough to call and visit. 
Not hating cleaning! 
I finished my resume and sent it to Craig today. 
The first thing that brightened my day was the beautiful children who came to Hop, Skip and Jumpers. 
so grateful my pal called me as soon as I asked her for a phone date. 
Super understanding boss who lets me be as flexible as I need. 
Living with Kyle. 
Drew woke up early to help take care of and feed Stewie. 
my family and friends, who usually show me quite a bit of support 
My child 
Melanie had dinner ready 
Support during crisis 
my amazing husband...who is always happy was home and awake 
got my Valentine's Day present from my fiance. 
Got home first and was able to relax in the quiet for a few minutes 
Playing monopoly with my boyfriend 
Being validated by Phyllis asking me to attend WH meeting 
Waking up next to B 
The planes 
1. 
my sister Mary who went with me to the doctor. 
Rose-Anne emailed me some updates about her life and asked about my date! 
When LSC was trying to micromanage me literally to death this semester, I dealt with it fairly well. 
Well raised by family 
when a friend calls or text to see how I'm doing. 
Talking to grandmother 
Felicia asked me to go out for a drink with her on Friday after work. 
Andrew picked up Laser's new bag of food! 
A good coffee 
Terminer tout ce que j'avais a faire pour l'audit a temps dimanche et sans le stress que je pensais 
the benefits we have such as plenty of days for vacations and the savings 
Getting lunch with Candace. 
Having a home 
Actually sweeping the snow off my car. 
I work in an environment that is quiet and where I have the freedom to work at my own pace. 
1. 
cleaned the whole house better than it's ever been before 
a problem that I could not figure out a few weeks ago. 
My family 
getting all of my errands sone 
My grandchildren are who I am thankful for. 
made baby Natalya laugh! 
This morning my son slept a little longer than usual, and woke up happy. 
A warm bed 
The love my parents have for me. 
My friends, family, and pets make my life great! 
Good morning process starting healthy 
Having a job 
To wake up 
met a lovely nurse practitioner who I felt very comfortable with. 
Khiem wrote a nice Facebook status thanking me for taking care of the family. 
Today I watched an amazing movie called The Sacred Journey of the Heart. 
Seth caring for me and looking after me. 
My family trying to steal money from me 
Grateful to be working for a Family Member. 
having a place to live comfortably and at a reasonable cost. 
Annie takes care of things around the house. 
Eric helped me get the box off the lawn 
my partner wants to go out of her way to spend time with me and came to my work to have a meal with me 
Greg accompanied me to the ballet on our 3rd date yesterday. 
a loving, supporting family. 
I was able to sleep in today and not have it interrupted by needing to get up and deal with stuff. 
do not have to worry about my romantic relationship as I am with my soulmate who puts me first. 
wife cooking 
money 
my business partner made me laugh and we talked normally even though we had a falling down yesterday at a meeting. 
don't have to worry about what I am going to do with my life for the next few years as I have started my own company and I'm working on growing it to the point where I am making enough money to live comfortably but don't need to be in it at all. 
Beers with friends 
Cooking a healthy dinner with John - Mexican food. 
was on-time. 
Kelly got groceries and she put my laundry on the chair in our room, rather than the shelf above the dryer. 
Agreeing on a charity to support 
discovered nab money tracker 
Meditative Reading 
Ava read A.T.M. on the neon sign and that she is learning from me being at home. 
Thankful for living a life with marvin, working a good job and being able to have a house and not being worried about basics 
Researching Home Automation - exciting thinking of all the possibilities that exist for what to do with a new home. 
not sure 
Working with interesting people 
- I am grateful to be able to provide living space for myself 
when after texting me, Mike actually called- phoned- me to say he enjoyed our time and to say thanks for coming over 
waking up to a second chance at a relationship 
Fico grata de ter uma família linda e saudável 
Tara shared her Reese's pieces with me 
Wil was open to last minute socialization 
guess being alive 
was able to work on all the of my projects. 
1 
waking up with my fiance 
A friend of friends leave FRance to work in Japan and he can't take his cat with him. 
Hommikune kohvi 
Darren being the most wonderful and supportive boyfriend possible. 
Had a good laugh today with co workers 
seeing my daughter crawl towards me 
Ugaitz nire bila etorri da 
Pisua 
kjæresten min er her for meg og sammen med meg. 
saw my puppies 
we have a beautifull house 
the fact that I succeded sleeping longer 
Living in a wonderful, friendly community 
Knowing that my family loves and cares for me 
my family 
Tenho uns filhos espectaculares - são muito meus amigos, lindos, trabalhadores, queridos e fofos. 
Collecting enough money to cover payroll this week! 
Making $12,500 a month payments to buy a business that I grew and built 
David 
Thankful for such a caring and helpful partner and father to my children. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing my kiddos asleep and how peaceful they look when they are asleep. 
got to see Jeanne & Alexia this evening 
having great sex and cooking for Hunty 
Waking up early 
Avoir de bonnes idées pour faire avancer un projet et que mon patron le reconnaisse 
Ne plus courir pour aller aux entraînements et compétitions de natation de ma plus jeune fille. 
My quick thinking during the blackout at work by yelling "Surprise!" as soon as it happened :P 
Managed to fit 20 mins of yoga into the busy morning Schedule. 
Him waking up happy and supportive no matter how I treat him the night before. 
Emily wanting to do the challenge together 
my dog who keeps me company during the day. 
have a wonderful supportive family 
the house that i live in 
Taking pictures with Frank at CityHouse 
Having met the love of my life! 
don't have to worry about being alone cause i am in a perfect relationship! 
Encontrar buena música mientras trabajo me permitió mejorar mi concentración y trabajar con mayor gusto. 
Good morning text from my husband. 
mom's house is warm and full of food. 
Being complimented as a good dancer. 
One thing that makes my life great is my immediate and extended families. 
Makes me happy to remember that I have a place which is my corner where I can stay and be whenever you want, without having to ask anyone anything, be myself, to feel safe and comfortable with this space. 
l went to work by bike. 
don't have to worry about school. 
Sean digging my car out yesterday 
Finishing up darling's gift 
have a job. 
Being asked to go rock-climbing and show up at the institute. 
The first thing that brightened my day was getting a text from Lasse when he landed in trondheim. 
Matty was proud to show me an activity at school when I arrived to pick him up. 
to be able to teach my son how to play piano and learn a lot myself along the way 
God. 
Krystle, who busts her butt to complete her challenges 
A friend dropped a bottle of coconut water for me 
my daughter and her health. 
the help that my older daughter provides around the house. 
My hubby letting me sleep in 
I have a healthy daughter who brings joy to my life every day. 
Matt can often "do for himself" and doesn't need me to direct him. 
having my girlfriend living with me for some months now. 
my husband who brought me out of a very sad feeling and makes me feel loved, and secure in his love for me. 
Remembered my meds. 
Stella enjoying her school again. 
my grandson- he brings so much joy and love 
Pleasant coworkers who make me laugh in stressful situations. 
Kissing my love this morning as I left for work. 
made three drawings and I like them a lot! 
Job opportunity and the good reply from don 
my career. 
to have a team that is inspiring and brings joy and levity to my life 
the HH creative review went pretty well today. 
Interesting lunch and learn today. 
Emily's beautiful smile and the privilege of being a part of her life 
Our home 
Good health, with some reservation. 
katys smile 
My dog 
I have some people in my life that ignite creativity and actually give me the space to discuss, that challenge me and make me grow. 
my Dad for supporting me financially. 
Morning tea with Erle and Nigel 
Jacob's sweet happy laugh and enthusiasm for life. 
I didn't need to go in to work today. 
my brother coming to check how am I feeling. 
My husband 
Gathering the courage to ask my wife to go on a date with me on Valentine's Day 
I got to wake up with the kids today and got to spend time with them before work. 
had an amazing lunch today with Kenric and Nate. 
A really polite man on the elevator wished me a great day. 
car disco moments 
to have an apartment that I really like 
having a relationship 
when my parents help me with diverse housework things. 
having a delicious dinner 
I am almost complete with a stressful project earlier than I expected. 
Improv was one again, awesome! 
my partner respects me and looks forward to spending time with me. 
Knowing I'll get amazing free food at Blue Elephant 
my relationships w my family. 
Walking Jessie 
have a great person as my wife. 
Carole Frischmann is out of my life. 
emily's hugs this morning 
Talking to my daughter 
learn skills quickly. 
My beautiful back porch. 
That my work is challenging and makes me think. 
find out that Nova likes to think of himself as Maquiavello. 
my son likes to talk to me. 
Alan was very supportive of me and I feel that the bad vibes I have been feeling from him are because of the weird vibes I have been giving him. 
Mitch and I didn't fight this morning. 
Engage 
the hard work of 90% of the teens I know. 
financial support for friends and family 
to have the opportunity to visit LCIW and meet with the women who are incarcerated. 
recently decided to quit worrying about finding a new job. 
have a wonderful husband who provides everything for us both. 
drinking my tea I read my emails from my pen-pals, I wish I had more people to email or write to. 
My neighbor invited me to come look at her baby goats, it was a blast, they were skipping and head butting and having a wonderful time, newly born, no worries. 
Finally got that haircut. 
My relationship with Andrea 
had time to cook a meal from scratch and sit down to eat it 
Ari because he brings love, comfort and companionship to me life everyday. 
Meatball telling me he loved me, &+ then grabbing me &+ kissing me &+ all that follows as soon as I walked in the room, before I could even sit down. 
jokes with coworker 
steve 
The first thing that brightened my day was receiving snapchats from my mom and Jonna. 
1. 
Chatting with Martha about wedding clients. 
Sunshine outside, my dog wanting to play with me, sharing a laugh with my sister 
revisite some age-old novel ideas, to find new ways to connect with them. 
My beautiful boys! 
did not have to rush this AM! 
I do not have a lot of money, I can afford healthy food and a nice apartment, which is something not many in the city I live in can say of their living conditions. 
Thankful for a good wife 
finding a great new place to call home 
My Son 
Van and Phoebe getting them selfs dressed. 
Grateful that I was able to come home and rest this morning - I needed to catch up on some restless sleep. 
have people that care about me and look after me. 
My son started using the Big Boy Potty! 
finally being in a loving relationship. 
I am able to live in and afford a cute little house right by the beach. 
how excited my girls are to say goodbye to me in the morning. 
Getting a lift from dad to the bus stop, and being able to catch the earlier bus to university for the first time. 
fortunate that my husband is very supportive of my job and my independence.ally 
MY HEALTH 
The gift of staying home with my amazing baby Owen. 
A comfortable home 
feel like I can listen to and help kids with their work. 
Compliment on the Valentine box I made for Debi 
to be leaving for the warmth of florida on thursday! 
my kids are healthy and happy 
My daughter is becoming a caring and confident woman. 
I was able to get rid of the marks on the wall. 
a roof over my head and the love of my family 
Owning a beautiful house and being able to afford it 
Knowing tomorrow is Friday and a 3 day weekend 
A warm bed. 
got to sleep in today and Ian took care of H. It's nice to have Ian home and have a family day. 
Waking up and seeing Rachel and giving her a kiss 
talking to my daughter on the phone 
My mom supports me. 
Finished sending off the flexible spending receipts- no longer hanging over my head; hopefully will get refunds for these receipts 
able to be available for Janet & Andree during their challenges this week. 
My daughter made it home safely today. 
Moms chicken soup 
today I was able to go home for an hour lunch break and rest on my new tempurpedic bed for 30 minutes, take deep breaths and use the massage function. 
francesca has a new internship job 
Lucas 
alive 
my baby boy and his huge smile. 
My central heat 
When I woke up the second time and realized the headache is gone, and also that I will be staying at home and have almost the whole day to myself. 
Gabriel's sweet smile when he tells me he loves me 
Finishing dovekeepers 
Amy and Kelly. 
The opportunity to educate people concerning interacting with people with disabilities. 
Shana informed me that I could exchange Beth's Christmas present for the correct size. 
Michelle agreed to cover the phones for me this Thursday, and let me know quickly which date I will cover for her. 
the first thing that brightened my day was Alma calling to change my phys therapy time to 11am instead of 9 am n thursday. 
My sister told me how much I mean to her. 
1. 
That my housekeeper came today for her 2 times a month visit 
1. 
my aunts prayers 
Stopping the weight trend of going up! 
Got out of bed this morning feeling a little better than yesterday 
my family, their health and jobs 
my mother. 
The first thing that made me happy today was when my best friend called me 
Sophie & Molly and their big open silly hearts. 
we were able to play a game together and just relax last night. 
1. 
had a really nice breakfast with my family 
My husband didn't get too upset that I just spent $17500 on a coaching program to become a life coach. 
enjoyed reading the Australian weekend paper. 
Relaxing in the beautiful Roma Street Parkland. 
Buying a nice new pair of sunglasses that weren't too expensive but look good! 
have time to read. 
Got a lovely present from a dear friend for my birthday.I was so surprised and loved it so much. 
Blake saying he is proud of me 
A kiss from my husband 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I went to the health club for the first time in a long, long while and I exercised. 
Meeting a new woman at the pool. 
The first thing I am grateful for today is that a close friend shared the news about Ellen Page with me. 
End of a relationship: I got myself out of a relationship that was potentially leading down the wrong road. 
Visited sister and had nice chats cups tea and hugs with baby 
Finding a new home for the moment 
Waking up 
Having lunch with my husband & daughter 
Isaiah 
Completed mopping entry, kitchen, and nook. 
Thankful for my hubby and paying all the bills 
Today I woke up being hugged by my sort of boy friend. 
to have Jordan in my life. 
I have a beautiful child and a good partner. 
my husbands support 
i have a beautiful funny girlfriend who i love spending time with 
gave mick his birthday present 
this is stupid 
a partner who is a hard worker and helps with anything and everything that needs to be done around the house. 
Making Coffee 
Rachel text me to see how my weekend was. 
have a loving husband who understands my crazy work schedule and motivates me to be a better me 
to have Sarah Kay in my life. 
Going to the VIP at the Australian open with Andrew, Kirra. 
Not having to move 
Not having to move 
Getting a relaxing pedicure 
That my Soroptimist and friends signed my petition and showed me their suppor. 
cant get up when I want 
Sleeping in and not rushing to the Antique Show . 
My life 
Waking up before the alarm went off. 
you to Matthew for his wonderful insights 
I get to start my mornings with my love. 
mb 
1. 
Paul Making me coffee this morning. 
looked cute today. 
My dog. 
Time with the kids. 
the home, mom has built for us almost single handedly. 
Doing a handstand 
Greg making me dinner and creating a relaxing evening for me during a stressful week 
was able to go home earlier than the end of shift. 
don't have to worry about pleasing anyone but myself in my personal life. 
can't name just one ! 
waking up each day next to my son 
Patrick came home several times to make sure that he will fix our relationship. 
wu 
There was a smile on Facebook from Karen brake 
my husband Greg. 
Playing with Toby! 
My wonderful husband who loves and takes care of me. 
My family 
I am healthy. 
Thanks to the people around me, I have the opportunity to take the time that I need to prepare to do things I have to do. 
have fairly good health for my age. 
amistad 
found my bank card 
The ability to wake up early and the thought that it will assist in getting me back on track. 
Waking up to four beautiful, healthy smiling children who love me no matter what. 
getting up in a better mood 
my girlfriends in LA who never hesitate to pick up the phone and talk me through a bad day. 
Sunny 
Playing in the snow with Braden 
My friendships. 
My Family 
a family member called with concern 
Puppies 
to having a wife that loves me unconditionally. 
Jeff letting me lay in bed this morning while he got up with the boys. 
my children 
have an amazing boyfriend who loves me unconditionally 
got out of bed in a pretty good mood. 
Goofy people. 
An email from Elaine. 
Family 
My english vocabulary was praised by a colleague 
my husband, who works hard to provide wonderful things for our family. 
My kids are great people 
My very good health makes me happy!! 
to have knowledge of terminating an employee 
the mail was there when I first went to get it. 
not sick anymore! 
She makes me laugh. 
My Robotics team liked all my new ideias to improve our development. 
Having a place to live 
my girlfriend made me a delicious pasta dinner tonight for dinner. 
Desayune avena con leche y canela. 
Problemas con compañeras de cuarto. 
Got some sleep 
getting pretty for the day. 
my fantastic kids. 
bought shirts for work within my $50 budget. 
My kids helping to get the house ready this weekend 
An old friend remembered my birthday and sent me a card. 
A day off today so time to weed a section of the garden, pick silverbeet and beans to go with the fish Mark brought back from Rangiputa. 
Thank God walks with me throughout the day even when I chose to ignore Him. 
toilet seat fixed and washing machine moved 
asked Michael to call me every hour as I was feeling I'll and he did it with good cheer 
My husband of 31 years. 
waking up with my sweetheart 
I have a lovely house to live in that has many conveniences I enjoy - a perfect location, a beautiful garden, a big kitchen, laundry facilities, and space for guests and parties 
had a phone screen with a company that seems pretty great. 
got to cook myself a good dinner 
Getting my state tax refund 
My husband arrived safely in Las Vegas. 
My husband. 
bombed a business case during an interview last week and redeemed myself by sending a spreadsheet from home that answered the interviewer's question. 
1. 
francesco listening to me cry about my broken relationships 
my old boss 
don't want to go grocery shopping or do dishes, but if I do these things I will feel accomplished. 
having a peaceful home environment with my son and my dogs. 
A healthy daughter 
A cup of coffee with milk while watching a movie 
was able to have some quiet time by myself. 
Car payments 
The first thing that brightened my day was Sookie. 
a boyfriend who supports me bettering myself and us. 
Josh had flowers delivered for my birthday. 
My students seemed to benefit from the activity and worked hard. 
so grateful to be free of the emotionally abusive relationships of my past. 
My husband breaking into a huge smile when I said I was staying home with him 
The one thing I like a lot is to play my guitar. 
Yesterday I was finally able to learn "The Cannonball" on the guitar! 
Thankful that my mom bought me a good car before i could even drive. 
I can finally drive and i will to college in may. 
was able to sit outside while the dogs played for almost 2 hours without freaking out over the cats. 
Don't have to worry about asking my cousin to drive me to college because I finally can drive because i passed the drivers test. 
to have Kazue as a friend and so close in Boston because she is so warm and bubbly and full of joy and excitement. 
Eating a good breakfast 
Taking Anne to the park. 
The work is easier to understand than I thought 
Feel sad when seeing the couple together 
My daughter is the most adorable, happy, smartest little person that I can imagine. 
Seeing one of my students proud of an award recognition that he received. 
The kids are full of energy, but that means they are vibrant and healthy. 
A stable place of residence. 
received cookies from a co-worker and a latte from another co-worker during one of the busiest days of the month. 
was greeted by puppies at someone's house! 
Carlos being supportive of me going back to school and continuing with my Counseling 
a great team, Rob, Kristy, Tom, Gerri et all - for helping me out. 
My son being home and in a good mood 
A wonderful husband who takes good care of me. 
My good health 
Pushed myself and went on the ski lift and sort of made it down the hill. 
had nice responses to my snow photo, including my beloved earth science teacher. 
Having the chance to sit down with Bill and come together over our tax problem. 
just can't think of anything... 
my pets who always show me love. 
Warm, meaningful hugs when we reconnected at the end of the day 
There were less patients than normal today. 
Herman was incredibly understanding of my stressful situation and made me feel safe and welcome. 
my children 
Flexibility to work from home 
The first thing that brightened my day was having a reason to get out of bed--starting a new job. 
My husband Ron. 
my dog was here to greet me 
talked to my next door neighbor this morning, and we had a really nice conversation. 
connected with an old friend from HS on Facebook after realizing how close he lives to me... it was awesome that he had a conversation with me and it left me with a great feeling inside, 
My cats are a great source of joy for me - while they annoy me sometimes, they are hilarious and give me a lot of love. 
passed the 130 wpm skill level (most likely!) at school, as well as passed a 140 Q&A test (most likely!), meaning I only need to pass one more 140 test until I'm pushing 150 wpm :D 
got to see debbie and the kids 
My fiancé sent me flowers for Valentine's Day. 
Curt- his love, attracted to, cares about me 
Denver smiled at me. 
Talking on the phone with my parents to let them know I am Ok 
My loving wife 
Getting to work outside on a gorgeous day with wonderful people on GUF. 
got my errands all done. 
my family is so accepting and forgiving Even when we fight or disagree, everyone finds a way to forgive and forget. 
my loving boyfriend 
my friend amy meeting ayla and I for lunch/coffee yesterday. 
Got offered a job 
extremely grateful to have the best son in the world. 
made it to my little girl's valentine's day party on time and she enjoyed me being there. 
My dog has a safe place to live. 
Waking up next to my husband 
Great lunch at work today, chicken buns from chairman bao. 
Shower 
My family makes my life so great, I am lucky to have the best, most loving family. 
my mom didn't drink alcohol today. 
My sister is having a great time in Italy. 
my husband and for his patience and ability to make me calmer. 
1. 
completed my presentation and did a good job, making people smile and laugh, several people told me I did a great job and it felt good. 
A loving mother who is always there for me. 
People at meeting making me feel welcome 
the long talk my husband and I had the other day. 
I am thankful for Air. 
2 wonderful, healthy, smart children 
children's study 
wanna say " Thank You" to my friends.. 
Leaving at the same time as Steve; nice to connect in the morning before work. 
Meeting up with Katie and enjoying lunch and conversation 
1. 
Meeting Loretta and Tami for happy hour and spending the time laughing and sharing stories. 
i have a loving family and that MOST of my long time friends are still around and there for me when i needed them the most (especially during my breakup last december) 
parents 
A colleague at work wishing me a 'really great day' in an uplifting email - and they meant it! 
Cool song Zero 7 
multumita fiindca rucsandra m-a ajutat cu informatii despre modalitatea de plata. 
nimeni din familie nu este bolnav sau nu are o problema mare. 
Catching up with a good friend 
When I am in the mood for some good friends, I can count on my friends to join me. 
Ashley made us all valentines! 
got to start the day riding a beautiful horse before work 
Being sore from the previous days work out 
Iam gratefull for my neighbours.. because I feel their appreciation, and they ar very helpful 
the girl that helps with the cleaning brought me breakfast 
when Roger is loving, caring, and spends time with me. 
My children are healthy. 
1. 
Thank you for being so honest and open - this is actually real trust. 
How happy my family was today 
my partner does most of the housework because I'm not that good at it. 
don't have to worry about having to find the right partner to share my life with. 
my cuddles from Brian 
was able to make some progress on market validation for musify. 
The first thing I'm grateful for is having a family that is supportive and fun to be with. 
Working from home today - meant I could sleep in and avoid traffic 
The first thing that brightened my day was my son doing a good job with eating his banana slices using a stopwatch to keep him motivated. 
Feeling like I helped Sharon out with her work load, and hopefully giving her a friend to talk to. 
1. 
Nikyo was well behaved today, nothing was chewed up when I got home from work 
Good presentation at the office 
mm cleared up the breakfast table and did the washing up before leaving for work. 
planificat vizita in Norvegia si am discutat cu Carmen 
the sun 
Christine my daughter, that she is so positive and happy being disabled. 
Productive morning of work from home 
my husband and I were able to redo the bedrooms yesterday. 
First, I am thankful that my job allows me to take time off if I am under the weather. 
making connections with a few people at an university. 
made my exams pretty well, even though I was under time pressure due to school and work besides. 
God blessed me by waking me up in my right mind and my body was functioning well. 
Kondi+szauna a barátocskáimmal 
helped a cancer survivor get insurance. 
Money 
I got to sleep in 
have an amazing husband who is my best friend. 
could sleep longer than usual 
Sean listening to me and thanking me for opening up to him. 
being appreciated... tha t rare moment it occurs 
1. 
Christopher gets my water cup ready in the mornings 
My apartment 
There is sun ! 
my pellet stove and pellets to put in it 
my coworker 
my children are healthy and happy. 
my brother lets me stay on his side of the apartment because I have my own space 
Help from my husband to get kids ready for school 
My husband really care about me being upset before I went to work, I am truly lucky to have him in my life. 
to be able to help others when they need my help, makes me feel good 
going to do a little work out felt really good. 
Stress free 
Sleeping in a comfy king size bed. 
My dad walked into my room and woke me up gently. 
came in to a mystery donut on my desk. 
Sense of humor 
First of all my family, husband, children and grand children. 
Patrick makes my morning easier by fixing breakfast for everyone. 
I have people I can call when I need something. 
have no friend drama 
Good leads at work 
My mom had dinner ready for me last night. 
Had a stress-free morning, with no tantrums. 
Got the baby to go down for a nap without my help. 
paid a deal early in the morning, it all went smooth and trouble-free, i completed all the steps and felt efficient and maintained my calm. 
don't have to cope with all the stress a dying, ill parent means. 
felicitated my best friend with a nice photo and called her as well. 
Rebecca is my second grade team teacher because she's smart, flexible, and fun. 
don't have to worry about getting my master's degree. 
to wake up and see my fiance's face 
Surviving cancer . 
Amazing Boo who I see every morning! 
Being with my sister and building r relationship 
to have the opportunity to live. 
working together to write a list with everybodies choices on and then working through the list achieving goals and desires that reflect the wishes of all 
my loving children. 
A quiet kitchen. 
1. 
don't have to worry about my mother. 
My job. 
Waking up surrounded by my pets 
Our hot water was fixed. 
My husband - he loves and supports me and appreciates what I do 
Wedding - coordinating the interactions of merging 2 families at a later stage in life 
getting a peaceful email from Isaac, not a harassing one and I got the chance to express my feelings correctly 
Bundling up with Nicholas while mommy was away. 
Teasing my wife 
Getting to class more or less on time 
Our cordage class was a huge success - students brought snacks, interacted, were able to create a piece of cordage they can use as a necklace, bracelet, piece of string...whatever they can think of. 
have a kitty. 
my husband. 
Woke up to a beautiful sunny day with beautiful blue skies. 
The house I designed and always wanted to build. 
staff supportiveness and optimism 
Matt's giving nature 
I can enjoy the fruits of my labor from two weeks ago and just enjoy my clean, valentine decorated beautiful home. 
To have a job that pays wells and treats me well. 
Dad started the car for me again this morning. 
Having heat in my home, since its snowing. 
My daughter ran her first half marathon. 
my house is kept clean 
a comfortable bed to sleep and awake in everyday. 
everyone getting up on time 
all the things Sarah does around the house for me. 
Photo editing software, was really pleased to get it and set it up but haven't used it much at all. 
A meeting that I was expecting to be stressful turned out to be straightforward. 
Having running water, a roof over my head, and food. 
a night out with a girlfriend I haven't spent time with in a while. 
Patrick made us a delicious lunch of chicken and biscuits 
My kids home and all having snow day 
I have a lot of time to myself every night when I get home from work to work out, make dinner, and organize myself. 
used to be much, much more worried about my health. 
A supportive husband 
My friends believe I will be successful no matter where my career takes me 
Having lunch with PJ 
Robert and I had such a nice skype this morning! 
seeing my dog jump of happiness to greet me "good morning" 
A hug 
Opened the morning with a call with my new business coach, who is amazing at getting to the root of what I'm saying and helping me to better my business. 
my health and ability to choose for myself in every area of my life. 
My parents' hospitality 
have a warm house 
My little girl dog Athena makes me happy every single day of my life. 
Amanda, because she always finds a positive spin to what's going on. 
I have the freedom to be myself. 
Seeing Lucia's smile this morning when daddy was peeking around her shoulders. 
this person, who despite my craziness and being cranky sometimes, is always there loving me and puts up with me. 
My FamilyTravelCreating things 
having such friends in my life who have been with me through thick and thin. 
having a roof over my head and I am able to pay to my bills. 
wonderful husband 
friend who sabotages 
the facebook group for my high school graduating class, 10 year this summer & they are trying to contact everyone. 
having such a perfect boyfriend whom I can see my life with forever. 
Having tookie sit on my lap this morning 
Patient was so happy that the treatment is working 
Looking forward to looking cute with long enough pants! 
Cute pants! 
today for the laughs i had! 
my roommate and the new place I am residing in. 
Living with Julia in Boise and helping her get the apt set up 
Roy cried and said he's feeling like it's never enough. 
bad finances 
Having the chance to change the world every day. 
the library was empty when I arrived. 
Matt working on my van in the rain 
the guy sourav, he was really comic 
Une maison propre 
my 4 year old daughter 
My son is graduating college 
having so many friends with cute little babies! 
My family, my friends, my health. 
my boyfriend Matt really makes an effort to be here for me. 
I was able to talk to my parents about my cousins and other family members with a calm attitude. 
got an i love you text from my son!! 
Perchè ho una casa accogliente, he ho ristrutturato con le mie abilità e dopo lo studio è troppo bello tornarci 
my commute is a two block walk. 
I have a job I can leave behind when I go home. 
coped well when my step-mom was skiing and got scared because the terrain was too difficult. 
able to work from home, to help provide for my family while still making my children and family the primary focus. 
your my Louise Hay.i can come to you with a problem, and we'll discuss it, and you put things in perspective. 
We are all a work in progress 
healthy children and a kind husband. 
My mother in law is a wonderful person who always helps generously. 
not afraid I'll end up alone. 
My friend Jim's text to check up on how I was doing after a break up. 
my good health. 
The love of my family, they are always there for support me 
1. 
Grateful for the abundance of the universe. 
the kids got off to school safe 
going to the gym 
The sun is shining. 
Trivia today. 
my law school friends. 
enjoy being in my home - it's comfortable and cozy 
Today I am grateful that I woke up without feeling groggy. 
I am smarter than I thought and passed my real estate license exam on the first try. 
being able to live in a location as to minimize my debt burden. 
J, D, MITH 
Safely drove to work by myself. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing me beautiful nieces and knowing that I was there best surprise guest of the day 
to have an abundance of healthy foods in my home. 
to be living an exciting adventure in a foreign country 
BF snuggling me in bed and kissing me 
The things my teacher said in class made me want to take him again for next quarter. 
My children and how much they are learning to love the Lord. 
The sun was shining! 
didnt have that many attacks today 
meeting at 7:30 
my work and the people i work with 
a pleasure to work with two of my colleagues. 
felt less sick 
Coworkers to talk with. 
my wife. 
my coworkers: especially Andy and Jamie. 
have a roof over my head 
Early morning yoga session. 
My parents brought home food for me while I have been sick. 
IPhone 5s 
new shower curtain and a clean bathroom. 
Perla helped me to figure out how to develop an exhibition element 
thought I was finally going to get out because it wasn't snowng 
facebook post about toddlers' tantrums. 
having great parents who love me and looked after me with love, patient and full time dedication 
Something that makes my life great is my ability to adapt to change (people, places, things). 
was greatful for my boyfriend who came over ans ate dinner with me. 
Peace 
Weston and Stephanie's expected baby and that so far it seems healthy 
People at work were very sympathetic when I felt sad. 
my family is healthy 
friends who are like family to me. 
so grateful for my friend Nina, who dragged me out of my apartment last night. 
can walk to work 
Seeing and cuddling with my puppy. 
my partner got me tylenol when I wasn't feeling good. 
no longer in a bad relationship so the volatile fights are behind me. 
My Son waking up when I asked and getting off to school nice and early. 
1. 
Claire stopped by to talk to me about the graphic design project I was stressing about. 
being able to hang out with my friends whenever i want to 
Jessica sent me the quiz results. 
Micah taking Tegan in the morning 
Sleeping well 
I am listened to 
the bill for my second cast was only $34. 
really glad I took Jimmy to the methods meeting. 
Surprise Valentines from my parents 
My Children 
Scott told me he loves me and showed me affection 
Having a job at all 
FAMILY 
Mike's funny email about my face in the meeting 
Sou grata pela comida que minha sogra prepara com amor todos os dias. 
back on track with my body: took a great walk again, ate well. 
Michelle reached out to me about health and nutrition and we share the same interests 
Logan/Lola 
Jake text me welcome home - nice to BE welcomed home 
Watching sex and the city. 
Grateful that I have a healthy daughter and supportive husband who lets me stay home with my daughter. 
A home I am comfortable personalizing and sharing with my boyfriend 
My boyfriend makes my life great. 
I got to go to the y today and work out. 
so grateful for my children. 
Sol 
Buena sesión de desarrollo profesional 
Even though I was discouraged by my professor's e-mail, eventually I figured out how to move forward with the project, and maybe even answer his questions. 
Drake was in a good mood. 
My Son said "i love you mom" 
the amazing people that I'm working with on Relay for Life 
accomplished a lot of things yesterday. 
Great dinner my wife prepares every day 
sunny, yesterday was rainy AND cold 
my amazing beautiful healthy baby girl 
got out of bed and felt good. 
Alex greeting me with a smile when I forgot my keys in the morning. 
I moved to NYC to pursue my passions. 
Alex who keeps me laughing everyday and loves me for who I am 
lost my mitten last night and was very sad about it. 
the house was clean, quiet and peaceful while I was working at home. 
my family are always there to support me and give me comfort when i am scared or anxious 
I woke up, alive. 
Cat 
Rocco seems to be doing better and we have medication for him now for the next year or so. 
the bad weather giving me an excuse to stay in bed 
Finishing my homework 
My dad paid for my phone to be fixed - I am so lucky I have him. 
Stable environment 
Watching fun footlocker ads with Benjamin 
Was able to sweep the kitchen floor and unload dishwasher. 
have an amazing fiance who supports my life ambitions and keeps me motivated whilst going through a difficult time. 
A loving husband 
Realizing how beautiful it was out when I left my staff meeting 
Having great friends 
Cari came home from a week away. 
Breakfast at Coras with my mom. 
finally belted the show tunes that I've always wanted to belt in the practice room. 
Being on set for GMA with the whole gang, on a fun story. 
There was no snow I had to shovel off my car. 
got shopping done so I can get back on track on my clean eating 
Waking up at my daughters house knowing that I would get to spend the day with her. 
Had a lovely time out with Daffy today. 
No longer concerned about the rape 
Joe is taking care of Marshall and Max 
gtreatful for having more than 1 bed I can sleep in 
Sadly, it was finding beer in my fridge 
Sitting down with my wife. 
Josh takes care of me, rubs my feet and supports and listens to me. 
Waking up next to Livi this morning 
My family that rallies around me when I'm down. 
got to work early and showed off my students' artwork to the new principal and colleagues. 
able to go to school today. 
Chris and I committed to moving forward with bettering our relationship 
have a great team of people who are motivated, driven and care about the end result. 
my children and the joy they bring me, the discussions we have and the fun we generate when we are together. 
a good prenatal with Michelle today. 
The fact that I am married. 
quite sometime I felt good about being in the US. 
Spending time with my mom 
1. 
started the day in a good mood. 
my cat is one of the sweetest, cuddliest animals alive 
The hard work preparing BLCRs at work were all approved. 
funny family 
passed my exam with an A ! 
Being able to chat with Jamie and just feel like I am not being judged. 
My perseverance 
Ilana was able to own and acknowledge her behavior 
Fred's strawberries 
I woke up before Ella did. 
went to the dentist and had a novacaine shot and I wasn't as whimpy as I usually am - I was brave! 
1. 
getting out of my house and going to Home Depot and the food store 
Was able to easily make dinner. 
cuddling with youn in the morning, had a lovely slow start and felt very happy 
got a lot of rest and showed up ready to take my grandmother out and about today. 
my caring and loving husband. 
Health 
waking up early to make breakfast and do my hair 
my daughters pretty smile 
My son's ability to think and express his true feelings instead of copying others. 
My dog, job, friends, boyfriend 
when i came back from a work out my fiance was still at home, so it was nice to see him in the morning since we had kind of gotten into an argument the night before 
My husband is very handy and technically savvy. 
my wife being next to me and 
that matt forgives me again and again 
Group work went well 
My husband and I are healthy. 
saw one of the greeters (homeless) this morning. 
Thankful for getting my daughters' communion dress purchased - one more thing off the list 
That Walker was gentle and funny with me and accepting of my humor and interaction even when he was stressed 
My cat Mimi 
Allie cleaning the apartment 
Having the opportunity to serve and be served by Mrs Chaleff is by far one the greatest experiences Gos has allowed me to live, so I am extremely grateful for Mrs Chaleff and her presence in my life! 
a good morning text message from Roberto, plus the followed up coment after I said "quem foi q disse q pra ta junto precisa ta perto" :) 
I had a great sales call on the way to work! 
Andrew was here to talk to me when I got home from work today. 
Pretty snow! 
My boyfriend and I went to the gym together, and I completed a workout that I'm proud of. 
Isabelle came over and we bonded and talked 
my family and I are healthy and we have more than we need (or ever dreamed of). 
finished my brief. 
The first thing that brightened my day was that I had a text message from Ramiro. 
all the terrific people in my life. 
Opportunities. 
The cute guy at work who spoke to me in English after I said hello to him in Malagasy. 
Joe works at a place I would like to be employed and she actually took actions to introduce me to someone who might be able to hire me. 
Brian has the part of Joseph. 
not looking forward to huge surgeries anymore. 
Happy to have had oysters with Stu. 
My boyfriend's text 
Listening to a great audiobook on the way to work. 
Grateful that I was able to safely pick up Colin's mom from BWI and drive us back home so that we can help him move tomorrow 
My dog Belle makes me smile. 
estates 
realized that I was running out of time in the 787 lecture and made a good decision to skip the proof of the coloring extension lemma and just prove it "by example". 
my warm cozy bed 
Fuzzy is my favorite pooch. 
Brent's communication skills. 
called Henderson castle about my taxes so I know what is up. 
My kids did their dishes without prompting. 
have a really good job with the potential for a pension that will allow me to retire before I'm 70. 
have a boyfriend who is willing to cook and take care of me. 
no longer have to worry about whether or not I'll have a home in the next month; while I'm not 100% financially stable (as a student) I have prepaid my rent and bills. 
Time with my husband 
home lunch sushi date 
gail shares similar challenges and interstes and we encourage each other 
Playing with Ru and Peanut, in the living room and in the beautiful sunshine outside. 
Helping make valentines 
My boss expressed gratitude over me picking stuff up for the store. 
My day was first brightened by having my baby laugh as she put her hands in my mouth. 
When my sons are so happy to see me and enjoy spending time together. 
One of my coworkers shook my hand. 
Organising fun things to do with Kirsten 
My kids running to me when I get home 
Driving to Pine Grove with Laurel. 
I have Fiona who understands me and shares my sense of humor. 
to have someone who wants to spend time with me and listen to me. 
have been able to successfully maintain a friendship for over seventeen years. 
School. 
Having a full fridge and the time to explore different cooking styles and ingredients. 
the roof over my head. 
Email from Marisa saying she might be coming thru 
had meaningful work to do today. 
to be alive and breathing. 
Commute to work was leisurely, got to work early. 
A lovely look and kiss from my partner 
got a delivery of boxes today... that let me know that the forwarding job is about to begin for me :) 
Being out of depression and feeling good about life again. 
my life 
the beautiful, serene place we live. 
made all three kids smile. 
Having a caring and loving mother. 
Seeing John 
My daughter: having conversations about silly things and serious things that matter. 
Alison and Aaron and my other sporty, encouraging friends who are always up for fun or seriousness and who show up for me and each other. 
my neighbor found Chi, my cat, and he was safe. 
The snow melted from my driveway. 
my family and friends. 
Hailey loves Kindy. 
memories of varied abusive, sometimes violent relationships help me appreciate my calm, loving husband. 
Walk with John and dogs to the river. 
Att jag har en sambo som uppskattar mig och som accepterar hela mig, jag behöver inte förställa mig utan jag kan vara som jag är med min gasiga mage, min gosighet och min ångest 
Jag är tacksam gör att jag är älskad för den jag är 
got a compliment from a Professor 
The first thing that brightened my day was my dogs <3 
was able to get to the store before it closed early from the snow. 
my beautician chatted with me about everyday things 
woke up full of God's blessings and unending love 
having a warm home to come home to each day and for the many things in my home that keep me comfortable (hot showers, heat, hot meals). 
cooked a beautiful cauliflower and chick pea curry and will have enough food for lunches at work this week and they will be healthy and fulfilling. 
I have a yard to garden in 
have a beautiful caring wife who truly loves me 
Taught Jewel IM stuff 
kenzie who helped carry in all the groceries and helped me clean the cage. 
have a job and a good income, which is relatively rare for young people nowadays 
Minnast þess að við Arnrún höfum verið saman í 4 ár í dag. 
Melissa made me laugh 
My good health 
Being home off work 
Kevin texted me and snapchatted me this morning. 
so thankful that when we do get together we usually have a good time talking and laughing 
My Daughter 
My sister ironing my work clothes before the lights went off. 
When I went to call the centrelink people the wait was short and the problem was easy to fix. 
my luvly life 
the way my boys wake up in the morning and are so glad to see me and I am so glad to see them. 
Hearing the happy news about Mary's pregnancy during a crappy day 
1. 
doing a work out 
My house was warm when I got home from work 
Spending time with my mom 
Being able to eventually tidy my garage and pack away boxes that have been standing around for a while 
my wife 
my husband being so supportive of my dreams. 
had three pretty shitty relationships before my partner found me. 
had my first date with Anouk yesterday and we texted a bit this morning, which was sweet :) 
Going to the dr and finding out I've lost 27 pounds 
the time spending with my loving boyfriend who always makes me smile and feel safe 
have a constant job. 
1. 
I have a beautiful home. 
Weighed myself this morning and the scale read 43.8kg. 
My daughter helped me at an event last night 
My cell stuff went well 
my partner. 
no longer have to worry about being in a relationship where I didn't feel supported and valued as a partner and individual. 
my little sister even if we don't always get along. 
ms stone signed my timesheet for tomorrow 
My family- Husband and child. 
My community. 
Trystan has started to eat a little better the last couple of days. 
1. 
Waking up and the sky is bright and not rainy at all. 
Alex reached out to me to see how I was doing in Spain. 
don't have to worry about arguments with my friends from last year, since I'm not home right now to interact with them. 
very able, both physically and mentally. 
The sense of security that my family gives me 
Beautiful ride to Occidental 
I have a nice warm home. 
Shaina waking me up 
My husband has been much more attentive and present this week than usual. 
Quiet time alone 
An excellent dream filled with vibrancy and excitement and I was welcomed. 
We are a very close family and involved in each others lives. 
Sun shining through my window, good coffee, delicious green breakfast (toasts with avocado, cucumber, spinach), reading book in the bed. 
MoneyNice realtorsPride 
K joining me at the student center to study as sunlight streamed through the windows. 
Waking up with Julie 
god for giving me such a loving parents who understands me and never expect anything from me in return 
Seeing the ocean 
my health and well being. 
sensei and elizabeth 
Closing out with a client after 5 years who raved about our work together and made me feel great about my work 
have great activities and gifts like capoeira, running, dancing and friends and family to do them with. 
healthy. 
The first thing that brightened my day was seeing the new fallen snow. 
attended a workshop about the autism spectrum and learning styles that coincides with my internship and the clients I currently see. 
my friends. 
Got the cae from Kuttan Chettan 
having a place to stay 
kiss from my beloved boyfriend 
speaking to h on the phone, he wanted to talk to me, long conversation 
The actor who plays Schmidt on "New Girl" (one of my favorite comedies) came into the restaurant with his adorable daughter last night. 
My daughter 
Grateful that I school got cancelled today so that I can have more time at home to clean and get my shit together. 
I have a family who I love and who love me. 
that we sit around the table at dinner time and catch up with each others news 
supportive friends, even if i don't have as many as i would like, who try to get me out of the house when i feel miserable. 
having a great family 
Jersey babies text and dan's grumpy cat post on Marjorie's wall. 
a wonderful home to live in. 
Heather is the best. 
My best friend partner. 
Snow day with Elise 
Happy to have a day to myself 
got a new fan! 
The first thing that brightened my day was another chance to make a way for my babies & help someone along my journey. 
Grateful for my friendship with Jyoti 
My relationship 
An adorable video of my grandson Luke!!! 
warmth, safe, protectedour wood stove is providing us with a warmth separate from the big snowstorm brewing outside. 
Alan driving to airport 
so grateful for my wife and how she is allowing me to pursue my dream of being an acupuncturist by supporting our family. 
My shiny earrings matched my sweater perfectly. 
My print above the bed. 
someone complimenting my shoes today. 
my husband who loves me even when I'm a grouch. 
Brunch with sweetie. 
A Celine Handbag. 
my home. 
don't have to worry about my ex mother in law. 
was able to catch the N without a significant wait. 
good health. 
Mary and all of her craziness. 
Live music. 
Hot coffee 
Sending Joe Stickers 
My home 
could get some sleep after L. left the house. 
helped my husband edit his cover letter and resume. 
1. 
my partner who does a lot of the household stuff to enable me to get work done and to rest. 
Finishing my PhD! 
Heather always thinks of me when she goes out. 
My health and the health of my children are what is most important right now. 
My husband took Lenka to school so that I could have calmer morning at home. 
Got to play with our friends 
Grateful for my brother taking care of my dog When I was too tired to go out with her 
a day "snowed in" 
Good pay 
My keen mind. 
A successful international career that I've worked hard for 
my beautiful home 
friends like Matt who encourage me to challenge myself and reassure me that I am capable of not only trying but also succeeding at these things. 
Getting a Valentine - increase in feelings for R and being able to see him soon 
could walk to work, it was a beautiful sunny day 
1. 
ok 
I created a beautiful CV for myself today. 
so grateful for the amazing Russian neighbors who, essentially, picked up my car with their bare hands and throw it out of the snow bank I was in. 
Grateful for my marriage 
Seeing my best friends every week. 
My DoS helped me with my design and my tutor was positive about it too 
That my family financially and emotionally supports me, no matter what I do, and that they're always looking out for my best interests. 
My family is so good to each other. 
Acepte la invitación al cine de mi primo. 
a nice evening with my friends 
Morning snuggles on a snow day 
Finally warmer weather 
most grateful for my three, beautiful sons. 
the shelter. 
received love and happiness from my chorus little, although I am no longer in chorus. 
ate icecream with patrick and martin 
paul, 
Constant support from my family throughout my life 
Will and nip 
Having an interesting task at work 
woke up this morning and didn't have to go to work because of inclement the weather. 
Really nice and kind 
Have a wonderful family 
my daughter being with me 
was surprised how good my carrot soup turned out... 
my friend, Hallie, cares for me enough that she sent me this link. 
My long-term relationship with my boyfriend. 
God allowing me to have another day with my loved ones. 
My bills are paid and I have money in my acct. 
Having power in this storm so I can cook and work. 
threw away some notes to myself which means I have completed some things. 
My family who are always there for me. 
Figuring that out 
to have a family, that I stay busy with. 
having a family so close knitted. 
I was able to get a path shoveled from the door to the road. 
They let me work from home when I am feeling under the weather 
My friends are completely honest with me and tell me when i'm doing something stupid 
contacted five or six of my friends via text. 
Doy gracias por tener mi casa, mi refugio para cuando todo lo demas sale mal 
Mike went out of his way to acknowledge that he hasn't completed the process flow we started over month ago and assured me he had not forgotten it. 
Husband's love 
the gorgeous sunrise 
grateful 
to have someone who is loving who I can come home to. 
do not have to worry about getting an internship next year because I matched. 
My interaction with patients at work went very smoothly today. 
I have friends I can reach out to. 
was grateful I was able to watch the last episode of Breaking Bad while eating breakfast. 
When I found out my wife had been having an affair I remained calm and have been patient in terms of dealing with its consequences. 
the time I spent with my parents eating cake and drinking tea today. 
my husband. 
Matthew 
Slept in because I worked from home today. 
Freddie gives lots of kisses 
Not living in the rented apartment and having to deal with the landlady from hell! 
I have a home with my boyfriend 
made it through the day without getting panicked 
my home is a beautiful environment and I love it 
work, mother's health, daughters job 
Timi megkínált keksszel 
So grateful for my husband and how he puts up with me! 
cat 
Walk outside 
Well paid job 
shredded and filed all of Denise's files! 
today i am grateful that i am getting a dishwasher after not having one for an entire year. 
was able to bake scones for breakfast and the kids liked them. 
The tribe that is my family :) 
A loving husband who is always happy to see me and be near me. 
The toxic relationship I was in during my early 20's. 
My health 
Will 
having a job, 
My kids. 
Friends who will come across the country or spend hours on the phone to talk to me… 
Cool diner with patric and Gabor 
I've made some progress thinking about new strategies for work 
The bad relationships that caused me so much pain and stress. 
Grateful for a father in law who shoves out my car so that i can do my errands and go to work without problem. 
Seeing Andy 
Grateful to James dad who sent us money unexpectedly 
had an individual counseling session with a client who was able to learn about letting go of his past. 
Waking up to my new cable system, the weekend off, and relaxing, and organizing my suite. 
My sister's smile. 
a team that is flexible and can change their tasks as items come up that are higher priority. 
spoke with Daniele about my Siemens project. 
Gordon and Keanu helping me to get the utility room sorted .Gordon putting up the stags head in a better place than I could. 
My friends 
Running 
received an e-mail from my grown daughter this morning 
Russell and I shoveled a long walkway together, laughing and changing places as the Leader of the snow shovel team. 
love 
Seeing my dog in the morning sunshine 
My skin wasn't as inflamed in comparison to previous days 
Time spent with my nephew 
Flexibility. 
Aleix and Roberto are pregnant -- great for them! 
A co-oworker told me that I am very connected emotionally. 
Grateful that I was able to attend therapy and that my hand is healing well. 
Spending time with my oldest grandson. 
hapiness 
My children 
Heat in the house-warm 
Receiving good news about my mum's check up. 
The sun was shining even though it was cold outside and it was raining. 
That Triple A came to tow my car in under 10 minutes and that the guys that diagnosed my car problems didn't charge me at all. 
It felt good to send Blake the gift I had been meaning to send for awhile and without any fuss. 
Tommy inviting me to spend the day with him tomorrow. 
so grateful that so many friends are promising to come to my house this weekend. 
Sinto-me muito grata pelos filhos maravilhosos que tenho. 
Lisa asked if I wanted Banana cream Pie 
Grateful I was able to clean things up. 
Bought valentines day gifts for coworkers 
My husband and girls 
Cake 
I live on my own, and that I do not have to live with my grandparents I feel like that would bring on more stress. 
seeing the beautiful snow this morning. 
All my bills are pais on time 
Woke up and see my daughter and she nurse and tried to sleep together. 
justin encouraged me to buy the 92Y poetry class 
shovel out the driveway. 
BA cheerful husband serving a breakfasr of pancakes and maple syrup 
Looking good. 
we have a nice beach house where we can be alone and work out our troubles. 
thankful, today, that my wife got off of work early and came home. 
my husband, and sons. 
to have a job and to have all these opportunities that can open up many other doors for me. 
felt at peace within myself at my apt. 
Moms cooking 
was able to enjoy time with my son and my niece. 
a career that is challenging and fulfilling. 
Snow day -home to rest 
I get to work on such an amazing project as SIFF. 
Mean bosses. 
My friend laughed at my FB post about the things he used to tell me and i didn't do. 
Being released early from jury duty. 
Time with Don at home today while he was off because of the snow 
Sierra hugs 
the plants in my home that bring me quality air and beauty and good vibrations 
Skinny came inside looking super happy and super cute, with his tongue wagging outside his whole entire mouth shaking his entire butt. 
having a penis 
flowers from dad 
1. 
my boss appreciated my hard work today. 
don't have to worry about finding the right guy. 
Thanks my wife for giving me her understanding and empathy to my current situation. 
D made me smile when I needed it while making dinner 
1. 
Being a mom to my 3 unplanned blessings 
My friends are one thing that makes my life great. 
Planned a surprise Valentine's dinner date. 
Jahtra 
Indie is still kickin it 
David got home safe from work in the snow. 
expressed my thoughts about Jessica's behavior and Debbie's response frankly to my mother, in the context of generational issues and theories on childrearing, and she heard me out - in some cases, agreeing with my opinions, and in all ways respecting my input. 
Working out together and watching The Office 
The thought of my daughters birthday party Saturday! 
my daughters both contacted me today and let me know how they are doing. 
Waking up with Tom. 
Had a good laugh with Jeff Stangland telling GMH stories. 
A great home in a great part of town. 
Getting to wake up snuggling with my dog. 
have an amazing daughter. 
Dat ek en Jaco op goeie voet is (Ek het laat weet hoe dit gaan) 
Friends 
A friend sent me a YouTube video that made me laugh 
was able to find three potential apartments near school, with a nice land lady and a lot of space. 
have a close relationship with my sister 
tony doing all the "boy" things like taking out the trash, so that i don't have to, plus washing the dishes when i have had enough of dish washing at work 
Meeting other petsitters 
Playing with Ripley and Rose in the snow. 
My breakfast date with Gavin 
Matt has Valentines plans 
Doing well on my seminar presentation 
Hubby gave head rub and made cookies 
First thing that brighten my day was the snow. 
found out my boyfriend was saving money to buy me a blue rose! 
My daughter waking up early in the morning and calling out mama from her crib . 
Mark going to Traverse with me. 
Made Valentine's 
Worrying about L breathing 
Waking up to kitty love 
finally went through books, old files, junk I can give away 
My dogs love me unconditionally. 
Talking with my master teacher Mr. Ryu. 
Good friends who came to brunch 
V was a good person, as always. 
woke up early and wasn't upset about it. 
I made finals yesterday in my competition. 
My dog, Radar. 
The first thing that brightened my day was having a really great day with Cameron. 
Getting woken up by my kids, who tore the covers off of me. 
Friendly teller at bank. 
My husband 
Reading the letter I got in the mail from Kara 
Cuddling with my husband when he woke up. 
My dad wrote me an email with "have fun on Valentine's Day" 
WAS WAKING UP TO CAROLYN 
The two older person in the elevator of the trainstation. 
have a peaceful time of sharing with my husband.We have recently had two of our children move out of our home and are living on their own. 
When I am with family members that think they are being helpful by explaining how they do not care to be around one of my children and why. 
The first thing that brightened my day was honestly, pornography. 
walked into town. 
Madzia zabiera mnie do kosmetyczki 
spacer z Olga po Paprocanach ktore wygladaly jak ze skandynawskiego filmu 
ciastka od Marty 
having my own private space and that they respect it. 
1. 
seeing my dog Woofie waiting for me to wake up. 
Dziękuję za to, że tak fajnie z Patrykiem dzisiaj ogarnęliśmy temat walentynek. 
Seeing an old collague visiting and having a nice talk with him 
morning text from my BF for Valentines 
my brother is around if i need him 
phoned my boss to tell him I needed to stay at home because my soon was ill and he was very understanding and suportive. 
To have the support of my boss when I needed it. 
always make rent and bill payments on time 
I am in a happy marriage that has lasted 26 years and is still going strong! 
my daughters and the time we can spend together before they go away to college. 
getting into the shower 
My parents paid to let me visit by best friend in England during the summer. 
was able to purchase myself a couple of sets of new underwear that are pretty and comfortable. 
the current standard of living provided by my husband 
Waking up beside tom. 
sex sa zenom 
vignjevic 
Little or no stress this day 
My husband and children 
family & friends 
My son's math grade is improving. 
today is sunny and warm! 
One thing that makes my life great is being creative. 
Skype call with my father 
I have a super understanding husband that actively tries to make me happy. 
Maddi stayed asleep 
gyerekek anyához 
Children- my kids make my life great. 
may humble home. 
had a really great dinner with Wes last night. 
my mom's support with everything to do with planning the wedding, and my sisters' friendship. 
my husband 
Bike - I am more mobile now. 
Coffee and cigarettes! 
1. 
Waking up early and going so easy to excercise 
my husband and son, family and friends that are good to me, and bring joy into my life. 
attended to different parent meetings today at Alex's school. 
1. 
My kids being healthy. 
We hosted an interesting lecture and gave a local writer the opportunity to share his work. 
have a supportive set of parents. 
We are financially ok 
feel grateful every night when my husband comes home from work. 
GMPB 
have an understanding fiancé. 
I have a roof over my head. 
My husband gave me a lovely Valentine card and a special cupcake. 
my husband's insights that help me grow during challenging timesI'm especially grateful for my friends at church who encourage me to be me.I'm grateful for all the lessons I have learned from my life events 
Hubs 
Jeff revisited the discussions we had about where to move and told me is trying to keep an open mind about moving to Milwaukee. 
my hubby srawing me a bath with rose petals. 
to be able to have the support that I need to handle stress in my life in the form of family members that I am interact directly with daily. 
Waking up next to my beautiful girlfriend on valentines day. 
Hayley brought me doughnuts 
Grateful for the beautiful roses Jim sent and his note. 
The good relationship we have with Kevin, Candice and Peyton 
to have a tastefully decorated, clean and organized home. 
my daughter is at a great college that supports and encourages her artistic and academic progress. 
Gorgeous view out back - can walk dog without worry of cars 
My girlfriend called me 'the best girlfriend ever.' 
Mark being there for me when I needed him most. 
a valentine message from godelieve 
we have nice and warm. 
help myself to go away from my addiction. 
Cassidy's laughter and smile - it brightens everyday 
My children! 
talk with vincent at the end of the day 
Two years ago, I worried that my green card would not arrive. 
The sun 
I have a beautiful home and yard. 
The weather was nice and cool. 
was very happy that I was able to dance well and I remembered all my step 
I can be at home today instead of at work 
my job, my family, my volunteerism 
I live in a sweet little cottage down by the sea. 
the man in my life who wants to be close to me. 
don't have to worry about finding babysitters for Dorian so that I can work in a restaurant at night! 
finished my resume and applied for my first job. 
my daughters. 
Went to class and participated 
Greyson didn't have a fever, and feels better 
First thing this morning Josh said "Good morning and Happy valentines day" with a cute smile. 
not in a bad relationship anymore, and never will be again. 
Gael cheerfully wishing me a Happy Valentines day this morning. 
I have a friend at work that wishes me , "Good Morning" every time that I walk in to work. 
you have beutiful glasses. 
had the opportunity to do something to support my friends, but I wanted to do something else. 
don't have to worry about body image issues. 
live in a comfy, cozy, warm environment that i created to nourish myself 
had a nice breakfast on a new eating plan 
completed phone conference that was being put off 
decided to do something about my negative thoughts and insecurities 
painted the wall of laundry 
I have a great fiancé 
My water heater seems to be holding strong despite indications that it might not 
Today my younger son took my arm as we walked and helped prevent me from falling. 
I have a husband that arrived home and gave me a very loving greeting 
Ellinor 
I am off today 
moving right this second 
Me and my family waking up to see another day. 
scott 
my family 
Cursul cu Ovidiu a fost inviorator. 
my husband's willingness to show he cares. 
realized that my skin looks *almost* as good without foundation as it does with. 
My daughter is so beautiful inside and out and I got to share gifts with her and her dad this morning. 
1. 
My daughter's smile. 
The sunshine 
Healthy baby 
have a lot of amazing friends who are like family to me, and a a great family. 
neighbors helped shovel driveway 
Mom is safe, and she can't freak out on me and try to walk to florida 
Yesterday, I was grateful for a snow day because I got to take an extra nap. 
My community of knitters who I know I can go to, whom I've had in my life for years. 
Relaxation video of the sunny beach 
The first good thing I made happen was to make my colleagues laugh, 
My family 
Today is President's Day which I normally resent working. 
pushed myself to go to the Light at the End of the Tunnel Workshop for Graduate Students and it got me reflecting on mindset and procrastination. 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking to see my family. 
the boys long naps that allow me read & unwind, collect myself & get things done 
He bought me new runners and gym shorts 
A valentine's day card from my wife with breakfast in bed. 
get to spend time with my girls and we are getting along. 
a healthy loving relationship. 
I have so many close friends in my life who I have stayed in contact with over the years. 
Having a nice house to live in 
Lila's sweet face and the way she cuddled with me in the morning. 
The CIL retreat went better than I expected and didn't feel as though it lasted 6 hours. 
My fiancee is coming to visit me at work today. 
I live where the sun shines most days and we don't have snow. 
Martyn made me a cup of tea 
A card I received from Joanie 
a peaceful home and a beautiful daughter that makes me laugh. 
My kids. 
Getting to be with my husband because it had snowed, and he went to work late. 
have a very close friend that I feel I can count on and who counts on me. 
calmed an irrate patient down 
Grateful for Journeys Group at UUCCWC 
Andrea and I reminisced about our time in C.A.S.T. 
had a nice talk with two colleagues that usually don't really talk with me 
had a very bad time about my mother's choice, who wanted to go and live with my sister. 
My relationship with God. 
The first thing that brightened my day was when my boss talked about food. 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
Seeing Sean's for lunch and his/our excitement for life, work, entrepreneurial ventures. 
seafront walk with marie and edith 
My husband enjoying the way I looked in bed 
Lincoln went down for a nap so I could have a little quiet time. 
woke up next to my beautiful, loving, generous wife. 
had quality alone time 
playing golf with Mike 
Made some new awesome friends 
Waking up on time 
having an intelligent boyfriend who challenges me and is continually learning, which in turn causes me to learn new things every day. 
Geza drove me to a courier pick-up 
not at a crazy stressful bartending job anymore 
great and talented people to work with 
Playing in the snow with the girls 
was able to arrange stuff at home, so my gf would be more comfortable. 
Met for lunch with housemates in town. 
The snow melted!! 
Anya elment vásárolni, és megfőzi az ebédet, nem nekem kell ezekkel bajlódnom. 
Nem kell végre paráznom, hogy nincs munkám, 
Getting shoveling the driveway completed 
My dad and his GF helped me out by picking me up/dropping me off to the mechanic today. 
went to work even though I didn't feel like it. 
Being able to come to Taylor's half-marathon at the beach. 
Living in the Bay Area 
Hanging out with my friend Kate because she is lovely and we had a great time 
CODY 
So happy I have a warm house 
I got a chance to paint today. 
Time to talk with Donna. 
Free coffee, sweets, fudge! 
Dani, I managed to get out of that myself by honoring my inner strength and worth. 
Kids 
Keira and I have our own house. 
Jeff 
to be able to support myself and others with me 
My kids this morning - their smiling faces. 
healthy happy interesting kids 
My brother posted some great musical links. 
Today I am grateful that my husband has a job. 
to have friends that I've known for over 20 years 
a husband who spoiled me today for Valentine's day! 
Odette sent me a message 
being able to attend my daughter's Valentine's Day party at school today. 
Meaningful time and conversations with Hugh.Bella snuggling with me.A day home from work to recover.Spontaneous weeding.Beautiful weather. 
got a package from my girlfriend 
to have 2 lovely sons 
woke upI able to walk. 
work with amazing people all the time. 
I could give progress certificates to each of the students in my Lab. 
Grateful that I had a short work day today. 
Duncan 
Helping my kids with schoolwork and their completing it. 
My son spent time with his dad 
The pending warm weather 
Esta cerca de ella 
finally reached out to Frank and suggested meeting up. 
the first thing that brightened my day was when larrygave me a card and candy for valentine's day 
Ashley is my Valentine. 
Having a steady job and income. 
My husband bought me flowers for Valentine's Day and is making dinner. 
received thank-yous from a co-worker for help. 
My loving husband. 
my family. 
Endorsement on linkedin 
to be alive 
Eu almocei na Pizza Hut com minha irmã. 
it's Friday and Riley gets to have the next nine days off from school. 
Flowers for Kate and Me on Valentines day. 
too hav not wrongse a love story oneside although the person whom i choose is wrong but my love i 
the close bond that my family has with one another. 
that Kim was able to listen to me about my being nervous about finding a new job. 
my beautiful home. 
a quiet morning at work. 
Talking to Mary after several months of only communicating through texts and FB 
was very happy to get bagel basket this morning!!! 
Mari took care of me and my friends and went with us to the bar, which was really nice of her. 
I have a quiet place to go to be creative. 
used to have sleepless nights about my grades. 
a loving husband and kids. 
My cats are a great source of amusement and affection. 
Chocolate! 
I have food to eat and a place to sleep. 
now, I don't have to worry about not having a place to live and keep my stuff. 
to have a great mother, and a lovely brother. 
Thankful that I was able to get together with a friend today and have a play date for Parker. 
My husband 
Yum Cha with 汉语书友会. 
Seeing my puppy, she is always so happy to see me 
Ari letting all of the dogs out before I got home 
I am out of a bad relationship from a few years ago. 
my savior Jesus Christ 
my Savior who has given me everything, including my wonderful family. 
have a beautiful, relaxing home 
Rich didn't seem stressed by my failure to take off for Colorado as planned. 
had a surf and surfed a little better just went and did it didn't worry how i looked or if i was surfing bad just enjoyed it which is a big thing for me i've forgotten how to have fun 
friend sent a card 
A nice meal with Jamie for valentines day 
M. Seems to feel better, enjoying his days in Holland more. 
Schooling for the children 
my girlfriend, who loves me despite all my personal shortcommings. 
Shower 
fsdfsdf 
A friend came to visit and made me feel fantastic, really happy. 
Sneha wants to go out with us tomorrow! 
My Husband and son wished me happy valentines day 
My education 
My friends, they are a great group of people that all have very unique gifts 
no longer 100kgs and it am far enough away that I could prevent getting there again 
Nils kommt am 1. März nach Berlin. 
Ally. 
Phone call with Hannah 
got all the band members together to record an album that I coordinated. 
my family and all the love they show me. 
How much money I make 
Sunset near the museum 
Jesus is always first. 
Lunch with Jonah. 
The good morning at the Pumpernickel 
Ben said something very nice to me yesterday and that he's there if I need someone to talk to even when I don't feel like talking to anyone. 
Grateful for all that I have, which is so mich more than many people. 
I work on a team that can provide hep for children and families they can't get anywhere else. 
my wife to support me in order to reach my goals. 
the biggest source of stress from the past was coming from my environment. 
Meeting an old classmate 
My sisters sent me a really cute text message 
found this. 
Waking up and healthy 
Loving husband that does so much for me 
so grateful for Ryan not being mad that I got cancelled at work. 
Bob and I woke up at the same time. 
my kids 
Happy Wendall was still home when got home so I could see her for a moment. 
Today I am grateful to have the leisurely morning to wake up and make strawberry pancakes and coffee for myself. 
Getting work done in my classes today went smoother than expected. 
Number one: I am grateful for my journey. 
have an amazing support system of close family and friends. 
a livable apartment, with enough space for two people. 
my mum's home cleaning today. 
Having dinner made when I get home 
woke up early easily and felt refreshed, had time in the morning to myself 
Got home safely after driving California freeways. 
have a loving life partner 
Talking to my brother on the phone, briefly. 
to be well supported by my boss and my colleagues for the work that we have to do. 
When I didnt manage to meet eye to eye with my colleague, i cooled down, talked about it with others to vent off my anger first. 
Mean person was nice after I was nice 
We're starting to make some progress on the website content. 
Thankful that I could share with my husband what was bothering me yesterday...and he seemed to understand. 
I own my house instead of rent 
People who love me 
Laying in the bed chatting with Peter 
Mike helped me clean the house- I like it when it's clean, it feels good! 
Zach played with kids so I could vacuum and mop floors 
Danny doesn't make me get up or tell me to get busy. 
Not having Loren in my life is a HUGE stress that is gone! 
getting some plants in in garden as they wouldnt have been any good but now i have planted a little hedge and its gonna be lovely 
My children had Valentine's Day dinner with me and my fiancé. 
My honey helps make dinner when I have to work late. 
My sister asked me to workout with her at the gym. 
Having time for a nap yesterday while Rus took Juliette swimming. 
Artykul o mnie 
The fact that I am healthy and happy 
Socijalno zahvalan 
the sun is shining today 
a beautiful home to spend time with my family, enjoy movies, good food, and comfy cuddle time. 
don't have to worry about finances for the time being. 
My amazing friend helped me through a stressful situation. 
I have a wife who supports my ambitions 
Was able to relax and play Wii some this morning with Brodie, Bryton & Wife. 
Finding the happify website. 
got to eat some free m&m's. 
the wonderful evening I spent with my husband on Valentines Day, even though I picked a fight earlier in the day. 
Feeling safe and warm in my own bed with my husband nearby. 
friend who wants to get together with me 
Being able to live so successfully at such a young age 
waking up in a good mood 
have a lot of really good friends and a girlfriend that loves me 
being alive and for this beautiful house. 
gratefu that I can afford my apartment. 
have a job where I will hopefully be able to stay for a few more years. 
the beautiful weather that allows me to enjoy my walk to work. 
the nice lunch: rhat there was fish 
Getting to work in a field that I really like, and having a healthy family. 
FB regarding joining happify, and had several people respond. 
Jack woke up happy 
Opening my kiln and it looked awesome. 
I made a lot of chew cans. 
Daddy-Daughter dates. 
1. 
I have my apartment. 
MY WORK ENVIRONMENT IS POSITIVE 
Sunny day today 
Health and fitness 
My fluffy kitties. 
Even though I felt somewhat under the weather this morning, I slept a little longer, but still got into work early and spend some time in the gym. 
My dad really cares about me 
Had an invasive medical test yesterday, and I was frightened. 
A text from Dan 
have friends who like to do things with me to help me feel healthy and well. 
Mae called to tell me aquafit is cancelled Monday. 
my boyfriend loves me and he tries to make me happy when I feel bad. 
my family always cares about me no matter what time zone or crazy location I get myself into. 
I was able to spend Thursday night with Amy, my mom, and a close family friend, that I have women in my life that love and support me and that I feel so connected to 
don't have to worry about applying for graduate school - that's all done! 
Yesterday my mom called to thank Ian and I for coming over and said something about being proud of me. 
my parents and everything what they did for me. 
Sofia got accepted to Hollow Hills 
my loving & supportive husband, 
My husband gave me a kiss this morning before leaving the house, it made me feel loved and special. 
Misunderstood client functionality; discuss and reason with clients in heightened level of importance during discussion. 
My family, Jeff, and friends. 
my life and everything that has been given to me. 
God's blessings make my life great. 
The first thing that brightened my day was when I read in Rachal's blog that I was her oldest best friend. 
Having a day to myself with no fixed activities. 
Losing job or contract finishing. 
my family and friends, and for Colin. 
no longer have to worry about tests, since I'm done with that period of my life (I hope). 
Colin left me a note this morning that helped me not feel stressed. 
it has been a quiet day without interruptions - that I have been able to be peaceful in my bubble and get some work done. 
opportunities to look for work here in DC 
Talking to my mum 
William is super cuddly in the mornings. 
Feeling lonely and homesick - I get to cuddle William every day now! 
Chris said he loved me and that he is a taken man. 
exams I manage by not leaving things to the last minute and taking deep breaths. 
I got to wake up with my nephew and niece this morning. 
good friends and family 
Mum came up to help me with the house again. 
my healthi am able to live in the place so warm and sunny 
I have free time to spend doing the things I love. 
the pot roast cooking in the crock pot (and that I had the foresight to get all of the ingredients so I could start it this morning!). 
Really intense work. 
very grateful I got into BYU I and God blessed me with sponsors that can help me pay for my school. 
Thankful to be able to come home to a home. 
the healthy cookware we bought on sale last Thanksgiving, and that we were able to pitch the damaged and toxic non-stick cookware. 
When I was in an accident at fourteen, nobody was hurt - and it was a miracle that no one was. 
My cats, Bonnie and Clyde. 
My natural intelligence is what makes my life great. 
Yesterday the sun was shining and it was beautiful outside. 
Having a home, food, and friends that care. 
My wife writing me texts and notes that she believes in me that I will do great on my tests and at work. 
Having a broken back, I broke my back 6 years ago and I now have hardly any deficit and I don't worry about my recovery. 
woke up to yolanda snuggling next to me 
Everything Gwen does for me. 
n.a 
so grateful that I have a home and that we have plenty of everything that we need. 
Sunshine 
my son (2,5). 
Mom kept the kids occupied while I practiced the piano. 
1. 
Family being here for me when Aunt Judy died 
Wally running after Shug while playing. 
WAKING UP HEALTHY 
Making a head board for our bedroom - sense of achievement, of making it more beautiful, of using skills, peace to get it done 
No one is ill right now; 
HAving time and space to dance in the morning - starts the day well and I listen to upbeat music instead of awful news. 
my dad and brother's visit today. 
tony. 
the delicious meal my partner made. 
Seeing Gavin enjoy swim lessons 
a boyfriend that loves me and a man who is willing to put me first. 
came downstairs for my morning coffee to giggles and chatter of my child and friends. 
Coffee! 
1. 
having the chance to actually be tutored in subjects, which a lot of people don't have the opportunity to do. 
J'ai avancé sur mon projet d'édition 
I got to watch my little sister do her netball grading today. 
1. 
Sisters 
home 
The knowledge that I was heading home from the desert to see Aoife, and go to the UK 
Today Aaron and I did wedding stuff. 
have wonderful, supportive female friends. 
Mistys pretty face 
Marta przyniosła mi rano pieczywo i soczek jednodniowy, a popołudniu ciasteczka i tłuste mleko. 
we got the resume finished. 
don't have to worry about being in the state I grew up in anymore. 
got my desk cleared off completely, even dusted it. 
The pussy willows ... man, I just love them. 
skiing today 
Mis papás cumplieron 22 años de aniversario, el sólo hecho de ser esta fecha me hizo feliz -sobretodo por el hecho de ver fotos xd- 
We were on time 
Be able to cook any food for leon and having a nice dinner together 
A proper night of sleep 
exercised first thing this morning 
My new car which I bought last week 
my daughter understands me. 
tinnitus 
My class mates :-) 
my husband always being there for me and understanding me. 
People who care about my struggle. 
when some person whom I met long back while traveling on a trip keeps in touch even after many years; wishes on all occasions I have met him only once.... 
my chocolate. 
the new hand cream my collegue brought me 
have a loving supportive family, that are always around. 
The first good thing I made happen was .. I made pancakes for my daughter then completed family washing. 
To have home where to live 
Exams 
My wife, when she makes the house all clean, or cooks a tasty meal. 
got up early, listening to a song I really love. 
My friend asked me to celebrate a chinese tradition with him 
my nice kids 
My dog ronnie 
My friends were happy to see me yesterday. 
Walked a garden 
Dad and Helen and how they interact with the kids, and for allowing us to get away for the weekend. 
my family. 
to be alive and healthy 
super grateful that I am learning new skills to help me live my passion more. 
Gratitudes with my friends. 
moki 
got up late for a change! 
the multi-faced personality skills given by my beloved mother. 
I have a job. 
had my lunch with my friend Joana and with my Girlfriend Isabel 
Za to że się względnie wyspałem 
I've been reflecting on how I have a whole new social circle that I've built for myself over the last five years, and how wonderful it is. 
these are so hard and so personal that I don't even want to write them down. 
live according to my values. 
relax on bed 
translated a difficult project today. 
spending time with my family 
no longer have to worry about the dramatic environment at the shop. 
Being well 
prophets of God who speak to us in our day to remind us that God loves me and my family. 
woke up this morning! 
My grandchildren 
my mother greeted me on this sunday morning, everything seems peaceful and quiet. 
commuted with my best friend this morning. 
the time I spent with my family. 
gratefull for the walk in the forest that me and my mum took. 
sdf 
sunt recunoscatoare pentru programul pana la ora 5 de la bazin - 5 
sesiunea in care aveam de invatat pentru tehnici, genetica si dizeratia a mers foarte bine, m-am organizat, am pus totul in ordine, si rezultatele au fost foarte bune 
my life, have a good life 
My son noticed that I was awake and ran into the room to hug me. 
Waking up to see my brother's dog wagging at me 
u husband for supporting me in every aspect 
Friends who are attentive, and caring. 
warm room 
stuck to my guns last night! 
have a roof over my head 
Sono stato a messa ed ho potuto riflettere sul mistero e su quelle cose della vita che sono fondentali. 
being healthy, more athletic than expected, a good weight, having a healthy dog, having a good relationship with my parents and sister, being intelligent, speaking two/ three languages, having a nice home 
My husband gave me a bath and massage 
My husband listened to what I needed emotionally. 
1. 
Justin came over to do the finishing touches on the basement stairwell. 
h 
Steven. 
when i can share good news with friends and family. 
Age 
Firstly I'm grateful for the possibility to spend the day in comfortable and quiet atmosphere. 
Surviving cancer 
Heat 
heat 
independent 
A shared laugh with my kids 
God providing me with everything I need. 
the weather calmed down so we could go food shopping in the sun! 
A DFT place in Sheffield for next year - no moving house! 
The sun was shining today! 
Living at home rent-free 
Old boyfriends were very stressful. 
My boyfriend wants to compromise with me/ give up certain things to make/keep me happy/content. 
My daughter, boyfriend & family! 
when I spoke with my dad today, he seemed happy. 
seeing the sunshine 
Even though they are not with me now, when I am home, I am so grateful for my dogs. 
Seeing my children 
talked to my brother, uninterrupted for about 15 minutes about silly things. 
Greatfulfor having a happy healthy child. 
Olen kiitollinen siitä että minulla on hieno tv ja voin katsella siitä hauskoja elokuvia. 
did laundry without interruption. 
The first good thing that happened to me today was having Koen lay by me. 
have been invited by my family in law for lunch and spent a good time with them. 
the past, I was stressed for my parents to discover with who I had a relationship. 
I found a place to stay and call my ownI am grateful I have my kids and my best friendI am grateful for the freedom I haveI am grateful for the sunshine, peace and quietI am grateful for my grandbabies 
Kaffee mit Sarah getrunken, schönes aber auch ernstes Gespräch gehabt, mir ihr in Kontakt gekommen 
Ho mangiato lo spezzatino e sto bene 
very grateful for the close friends that I have here at college. 
1. 
See the results of the collective work on Koc U GEC 
Slept next to her 
GRATEFUL FOR MY MOTHER . 
A friend helped me with the work I need to do. 
Had a Nice sunday trip by car today. 
got a ride in a Porsche 911 
having an actual family that is waiting for me at home and willing to know how I am in case I don't get back home in time. 
i´m gratefull for the great family i have 
Grateful for such a wonderful boyfriend 
so greatful I made it home alive 
Having a home to come back in the end of the day. 
painted some furniture while listening to music 
phone visits with my 3 children 
Everyone is healthy. 
relatively healthy and thankful for that - even though I am not taking care of my body right now. 
So true - I am so thankful for my husband and my baby - they are both the most amazing things in my life 
Marie-Andrée s'est excusée d'avoir été dure avec moi. 
Ne pas aller ou je le souhaitais. 
Mon amour des mathématiques 
Greg advancing to the second round of the IPA tourney 
was able to go to work and get caught up without feeling back that I left the house. 
having told L that I need more attention and affection, although her initial response to the conversation felt a little defensive, she reached out to me at least twice today with both. 
Charlaé was kind when expressing how proud she was of me for getting into the media life. 
I got to relax and take a nap. 
God: For never forsaking me 
1. 
my pets that are happy when I greet them 
my beautiful home. 
so thankful not to be living in my former house and neighbourhood. 
made it home safely 
my daughter and my granddasughter are coming down to visit 
My cat being nice and loving.Relaxing with my partner watching sitcoms and drinking wine.Not taking care of any chore myself today 
When my gf and me are OK and happy having fun together! 
Ginger 
texting my man an getting a text back. 
helping people 
how sweet my daughter is. 
Waking up next to Jenny Sage 
very good physical health, and have been for nearly my entire life. 
my family for giving me education and to my dad for loving me and letting me be me 
Cvs near my house has a ton of vanilla reload cards and accept credit card 
my possibilities and education. 
No one in my immediate family is ill. 
Money 
Having a daughter that is able to help me 
I had a good night's sleep 
Ant did pee pee in the potty for the first time 
My husband's foot is not bleeding anymore, so we could "play" out in the snow with our Kubota 
My husband and kids 
my boyfriend. 
Waking up to a beautiful message from my boyfriend and listening to positive affirmations 
seeing my flower bloom 
lunch with my parentsit was nice to see them even though I felt sad 
reached out to my mom for support. 
Reese had fabulous conferences. 
Today I had a great soccer game and was able to connect very well with my team 
healthy and feel good 
Reading articles on restlessness and how to overcome it. 
Emma is growing into a responsible young person, she is amazing and helps out when asked. 
Spending time with or hearing from good friends who are there through thick and thin. 
Michaela let me exercise 
Parker made breakfast for me. 
having genuine friends around me that I know I can count on when things get rough. 
Mom introduced me to Your Daily Dose of Hebrew, an email service that provides a new contemporary vocabulary word each day. 
We had a clear sky with plenty of sun. 
My mother, who makes me food and cares for me even if I'm a brat and I'm recovering from surgery 
spending most of the day at home with my husband 
James cycled to work ok 
went on a bike ride today. 
My Life 
when harriet got dressed all by herself. 
gave someone a quarter-I was just grateful that I got to be the person who had something to offer somebody else. 
realized that I'm building a meaningful friendship with my future roommate; she is looking so forward to our plans on Saturday. 
Had a full day to prepare for my son's birthday... made cookies, a great cake (with him!) and took time to really be intentional to find ways to make him feel celebrated WHILE doing something that gives me contentment and joy 
My girlfriend is cooking nice food. 
very grateful to be getting my health back. 
I know. 
Spending quality time with Krishna, not arguing, and being open with each other 
my healing tent 
Having colleagues who are in a good mood, smile and say good morning in a great way... 
mother send me that she loves me 
feeling a bit more positive about life & being able to start to get things in order in my living space. 
I have a daughter and son that I enjoy talking to and spending time with. 
Raffis joyous personality 
Waking up and having morning coffee with danielle. 
my life. 
have a husband who loves me very much. 
Thankful that i am earning money again. 
live in time of possibilities 
my personal path 
My roommate finely did the diches today 
My flatmate waking me up to start my day 
i was able to make banana bread today! 
Getting medical help for F. 
stress of birthday over 
will keep these notes elsewhere. 
was able to stay at home to help with the appointment needed for our house. 
My mom's cancer seems to be in remission. 
My mom is currently in remission with her cancer 
Ness, Draylen and I were able to play Minecraft together for his birthday because it was a lot of fun and a bonding experience that joined him in one of his favorite activities. 
My kids are healthy. 
Grateful that I have a roof over my head 
Having roof over my head, life has not been easy lately but I'm thankful for having a place to live 
not ready for this tesk... 
Eine schöne Zeit mit meiner Frau verbringen 
my amazing girlfriend Casey. 
Exhilaration! 
Sono grata del fatto che ieri ho potuto mettermi lo smalto, struccarmi, lavarmi i denti senza sentire la mia bambina piangere a causa della mia assenza. 
my mom is my best friend 
The D.O came to my job and sat at my table. 
Sou grato por ter uma família que me ensinou princípios bons e corretos; 
Having a husband that understands me. 
have a friend to spend my day off with. 
Beth bought me a chocolate bar from John Lewis. 
Finding I had my blood-stained bandage from last night's performance. 
Completed Valley and Jacuzzi freelance projects 
WE are all alive. 
walking to the shops down the river 
Posted pictures make me laugh 
My family 
The first thing that brightened my day is that the young men in the dorm followed through - even if it was a little encouraged with a reward .. on what they said that they would do ! 
I have an office to go to. 
Steady paycheck. 
made good progress on a couple of major projects 
Paul - always there to help 
Love, friendship, compassion 
friendship 
Today I got up early and went to yoga, and it made me feel really good. 
I have an amazing co-worker who picked me up when I had issues with my flat tire. 
Getting Steve to his luncheon & still making it to the library in time to get a carrell. 
The thought of getting out of the house for food. 
Lisa selling her home - dear friend - 
having the ability to work from home. 
My loving dog. 
I woke up on time and had my morning breakfast which I often skip which is a tremendous thing for me as I'm not an early riser. 
Looking forward to spending evening with Grant! 
My children, they are beautiful human beings. 
Claire and Emily leaving on good terms 
do not have to work for xxxxxxxxx anymore. 
my cosy flat 
1. 
TALKING TO MY LOVED ONES 
I am able to afford having the basement work done. 
Jaydee makes me smile and can calm me down. 
went to sports and felt very good having breathed and noticing how easy it was to get back in. 
my parents, who help me out with Isaac and give me a place to live for free. 
laughter, and finding people that are fun to spend time with. 
my boyfriend pinged me on fb sayin 'i love u'.. it was very sweet..it always brings me joy 
The support of my friends, they are also honest and will say something about their thought on the situation and encourage me to reevaluate my perception. 
don't handle stress well at all. 
Found a lost document 
you are the star employee 
My family 
Sushi for lunch 
had a really good interaction with my student about marriage. 
Estoy agradecido de haber hablado hoy con mi mamá. 
Marta & her mother had a lovely time with my uncle 
to have a nice home 
Had time to complete back logged tasks due to a day off. 
My drive to work was easier than usual and I managed to get a parking space so I wasn't stressed when I arrived at work. 
taking a nice long walk 
finished a task 
The education I have been provided 
my husband made the coffee this morning, before I got up. 
very grateful for having a warm and comfortable house to live in 
Grateful that my mum has come to stay so I can have a break and get my work done as the kids are at home as it is half term. 
I picked up the clutter in my room and bathroom. 
the table in the kitchen and how it is a place for Leo and I to sit around, work at, nourish our bodies and a drop zone for me when I come in the house all full of baggage. 
Husband cleaned the house 
made a delicious sticky toffee pudding and everyone loved it. 
The weather is beautiful today. 
Holly, for being someone I can talk to about most things 
Getting a good, refreshing sleep last night. 
I have such a loving, caring family. 
1. 
My best friend came over to have a confessions night. 
Hablar por tel con Santiago 
and grateful for my wonderful, cheerful, healthy kids 
to have a nice house and a mom that provides all of the stuff I need and want. 
1. 
Mary called to see how I was doing, and talk. 
don't have to worry about having my appendix removed in the future, because now its already gone. 
my garden 
I was able to not only wash all our clothes yesterday, but also able to put them all away. 
Sleeping a little longer 
Going to bed 
Got to talk with Carlos and talk about possible future projects. 
My boyfriend cleaned the house on Sunday 
THANKFULL THAT i HAVE A DAUGHTER THAT BRIGHTS UP MY DAY WHEN I SEE HER. 
Getting outside and shoveling. 
got records packed up and shipped off to distributors. 
Kiara who has been an especially sweet student lately. 
was able to do some reading outside. 
My health 
Talking with Melissa even though she is far away 
My friends are always so supportive. 
we all were here this morning. 
when my oldest would be hospitalized. 
Getting some extra sleep this morning 
Having supportive friends who listen to my repetitive complaints 
My dad sent me the V-day card. 
my family and what i have . 
Steve took me to Hongkong and ate lunch with me even though he hates Chinese food 
to see my boys playing well together. 
Grateful for my Sons health and happiness 
Je suis très contente du bon souper que j'ai préparé pur Luc et Annabelle. 
was grateful to spend the day with Jenny watching the Olympics. 
An easy commute and a park at work this morning 
My Kids and I Watched Our BFFS Baby We just love her 
A quiet day with my daughter. 
1. 
The people I live with help me and I help them. 
a husband who tells me that he loves me 
Waking up well rested. 
felt good when Kevin commiserated with me on my struggle to get Nessa on board with my plan to go to several museums. 
family & friends i wouldn't know where i would be without them 
Puppy snuggles with Lucy 
Walking with Maz 
got an extra hour of sleep this morning 
anderson coming round 
Finally got my taxes done! 
Tara sending me the soup picture 
got to spend the day with my children 
Wil bought flowers 
Bill 
completed my P90X work-out even though I was tired from night shift - I can be consistent! 
warm room 
My dogs 
my strength and resolve and determination in trying new things to finally reach my goal(s) 
housemates i connect with and care about and feel comfortable talking with or just being with 
Beginning work placement in a field I'm passionate about 
the wonderful teammates who were cooperative and totally on the ball for the group project! 
the mssg i sent to Joyce was correct. 
Being able to help others learn. 
1. 
A home cooked meal 
having a pancake breakfast with Henry this morning. 
have the most wonderful daughters - very special little people full of character, intelligence, beauty and love. 
My children turning out to be brats 
That my mother is kind, and told me that my nice and sweet personality is okay to have, and that people love me for it. 
LOGRE INSCRIBIRME A CENTRO 
Starbucks Planner 
extremely grateful that John Paul and I are rebuilding our relationship.I'm grateful that he's safe and doing well, even though I miss him terribly. 
went for a walk twice 
Wake up in the morning without any illness- 
My father cooked pancakes. 
My roommate shared the pie he made with me this morning. 
did today Surya kriya yoga and it was awesome 
a sunny day 
understanding 
Every time I'm not paying attention to my baby he's looking at me just reminding me he was sent to me to make me happy 
My family - everyday they teach me to be better. 
putting baby to sleep - I read the entire local paper and had a coffee 
Cate sending me a text asking after my interview 
My mom preparing dinner for me 
Byłam w Berlinie 
1. 
have a roof under me that i can sleep and do other things than staying in streets 
my children 
my financial security and good financial situation at my age 
Zaliczylam procesy 
My cousins visited me and we took lots of pictures which made me elated the entire day. 
Help with searching for wedding place from my colleague 
a wonderful family. 
sunshine today 
a friend asked me for help 
Got satisfactory number of likes for the photo I posted recently on Facebook. 
Getting my license. 
Spotkałam się z klasą, co właściwie było miłym doświadczeniem. 
can get up without an alarm clock. 
watching our favorite TV series with my fiance 
Jestem wdzięczna za osoby, które zesłał mi los. 
The weather is amazing - so sunny and warm. 
D. will see the doctor soon (she'll get help) 
The bus being on time and no rain! 
felt like I really connected with a couple of our patients 
Nice furniture 
having the oportunity to reorient my carrer in order to get my dream Job! 
my baby's smiles 
my mum, she is the best person, best mother and a friend to me. 
Getting to spend time with Julia, family. 
Having pure healthy vegetables to cook streight from my mother's garden. 
finding a boyfriend 
A colleague came into office, i was glad to have engaged with her regarding he plans for the future: a nice person!. 
Husband earns enough for us to be comfortable. 
was able to approach my employee and tell him he needs to watch how many hours he is puting in because work is slow and there shouldn't be any reason why he is puting in 10 hrs more per week. 
Starting my maths work. 
Having great co-workes who have good sens of humor and they make me laught out loud almost every day. 
My workaholic attitude is gone for ever! 
1. 
having a happy, supporting and loving family 
used my own money to buy my sister a pillow. 
Access to health care 
other people 
Communicating with my granddaughter.. 
A wife that gives me well-thought of gifts 
Exams 
the love and support of my husband 
Having a job 
My parents always being there for me, guiding me and helping to pick me up when I fall. 
My kids are in good Health 
Karen walked to dog so that I could get to work in time for a meeting. 
didn't have to dig my car out of the snow to commute anywhere! 
1. 
Getting the laundry done. 
Getting enough sleep 
Brain storming with husband about our son's 1st bday party :) 
Knowing that I get to pick up my car with its new convertible top. 
Long, good sleep :) 
My sweet dog. 
The muffins - everybody liked them. 
Obudzenie się bez problemu ok 8, 9 rano i proanek z magda m. 
Feel good as often as possibleLive in a warm environment surrounded by people who respect and love youBe positive to your environment 
D and I have created a happy home together. 
The warm sun. 
Jestem wdzięczna Pawłowi, że pomógł mi z moją chorobą i zrobił przepyszną herbatkę z imbirem. 
Szkoła i poczucie braku akceptacji - jestem wdzięczna, że to się już skończyło. 
Jestem wdzięczna za posprzątanie mieszkania - ja nie mam na to teraz kompletnie siły. 
the sun 
My mom have made me very tasteful dinner. 
my daughter. 
Sadie's cheerful smiley personality 
My teacher praised me. 
Me finding the motivation to workout. 
Best friend in the whole universe: Lexi! 
Gio made me feel better after I stressed out about Professor Hoobler today. 
May Day last year. 
Having a few quiet moments with my daughter. 
cuddles with mydog 
Craig helping with the kids in the morning to get out of the house on time 
Really nice weather in the middle on February, that makes my loundry get dry :) 
A friend stopped by my office to chat. 
a roof over my head, and that I live close to the train in a very cool neighborhood with lots to do. 
the affection he showed me when getting home from work. 
day with really small headache. 
my husband and all of the little things he does for me throughout every day to show me that he loves and appreciates me - refilling my coffee when it gets low, making my breakfast before work, never going to bed without telling me he loves me and giving me a kiss. 
Maddie Rainbow for always listening and talking me through things. 
have a healthy and loving son. 
to my mum for doing my breakfast today. 
friends and family 
za to, ze ktos na mnie czeka 
wikt i opierunek, smaczne jedzonko, porządek 
First of all, thanks to Hamza for teaching me risk management. 
to be able to work from home and mix that with using the computer being with my cats and able to do chores around the house at same time. 
Ania wciąż mnie lubi pomimo tego co było, dużo się śmiałyśmy i poznałam nową miłą osobę 
J picked me up from work and i didnt need to walk, then we went for nice breakfast and had finally a little fun together, i was in happy mood 
wrote a great opinion about my friend to help her win the competition. 
My boss was better with me 
Met new friend today 
talked with my best friend today. 
Thanks to my mom for taking care of the dogs while i was gone :) 
Was sunrise on my way to work 
I could speak to my mum and find out how my granny was. 
Waking up from a wonderful dream about horses, love and my own power from loving myself. 
my mother made lunch to the kids to help me with my broken wrist. 
all in my family are healthy specially my daughter. 
The sun was shining for the first time 
Waking up on time and getting to work early! 
Chloe was in a good mood this morning, and even though I had to get up early to make hummus, the morning went smoothly. 
1. 
my home. 
1. 
Moje życie jest cudowne dzieki Niemu, daje mi dużo miłości i bezpieczeństwa. 
my relationship with Justin. 
wyjazd na dzialke z Pesia i Mariuszem. 
wakenin up 
Ter a minha colega AP comigo 
my mom's care - her gentle (I mean not that clearly visible) happiness when I am home again. 
1. 
to walk Jazzy at lunch. 
Had a worry that turned out not to be true, phew! love it! 
Being alive 
My children 
my dog, Summer. 
My family 
having all of my belongings, sans a jacket and a car fit in a space the size of two efficiencies. 
Worry that I'm not going to make the deadline and pass my classes , now that I have my degree that stress has completely vanished!!!! 
Gale is a good friend 
Supportive coworkers and plenty of trainingNot stingyRoom to growppl offer advice 
Cleaned room without hassle from family members 
Fabulous dogs!!! 
Lekker gefietst in El Pardo terwijl Laura aan het hockeyen is. 
1. 
have a home. 
Derek took me out for breakfast 
Going for a run in mild weather 
attended a critical thinking workshopLearned some useful techniques and met nice people 
Cornel's consistent ability to be appreciative and give praise. 
Being in a bad relationship with Alex. 
Spending time with Petra 
made it to work earlier than I have in months 
Hailey picked up Hadden made dinner and cleaned up her mess. 
Elliot kramade mig 
seeing my dog in the morning 
Waking up early and knowing I could look over my shoulder and say good morning to Andy my favorite person in the world. 
Waking up with my kitty snuggling up to my head. 
was able to take the day off work and peacefully, do as I pleased. 
I have such wonderful parents and even though it isn't always perfect they do their best to make my life easier and simply better. 
finished my studies so I don't have to worry about exam session. 
to have a roof over my head to provide for my child 
Grateful for the TWILY opportunity 
Suzie called today. 
was able to sleep in and enjoy some quiet time before going to work. 
AOP is almost finished! 
Having a big bed that I can share with Kristiina, which doesn't give me a sore back. 
Make up with my boyfriend 
Mike made dinner. 
1. 
Grateful for my conversation with my aunt today. 
Estoy agradecido por que mi madre ha estado cocinando muy rico 
tasty dinner which I prepared 
Adam and how accepting he is 
gratedful for my husband 
Cyrus gives really good advice. 
my husband is taking on the bulk of the puppy training! 
My Mom 
my family 
using my new fragrance for the very first time!! maybe zara's fragrances are not sth super quality, but still- i absolutely <3 vanille and ceris )) 
to have a roof over my head. 
I am, for the most part, a healthy person. 
La joie d'un milieu de stage fabuleux 
Life 
Where I live 
brayden is greatful for his friends and his mom. 
Jackie my neighbor who took me to the FoodBank today. 
My ex leaving 
all the help my husband gives me, like doing things for me that if i did them i'd have alot of anxiety! 
made it to work on time with no problems 
my job and the people I work with, AT HOME, no less. 
a warm, dry home to live in. 
my neighbor and i are close enough i can count on her to look out for my daughter when i want to spend an evening away from home 
I have a loving and supportive husband. 
waking up 
the good food I had all the day. 
my son spent the night out and the baby slept in til 7 
1. 
kids 
Noodles for supper 
ELiss. 
My daughter Leah for taking good care of me when sick 
Hart wasn't a complete pain in the ass today. 
My horrific childhood 
Bryce is doing very well 
I get the opportunity to help my sister with her kids. 
my son. 
The first thing that brightened my day today was that I finally figured out what I would be doing for my recital in April. 
I had cute kiddos to help today!! 
my flexible job and that I have time to rest while I'm sick today 
get to help people 
got eight hours of sleep. 
spoke to Marvin on the phone . 
My family is all together and having FHE. 
Sex with my boyfriend first thing in the AM 
Started my day after awesome sex and love with my boyfriend 
waking up every morning and looking over and seeing my husband lying next to me. 
Having time to spend with my husband and son. 
my pets. 
Seeing the moon shining as the sun was rising this morning. 
Receiving Pics of my daughter and the 2 babies on my facebook 
Facebook thread with Kelli 
have a loving husband that would do anything for the wife and children that he loves, even if it means causing himself discomfort. 
the fact that I have a home. 
Mark listened to me while I cried about the situation with Stephen. 
Having a day to myself. 
A co-worker brought me a frog cup 
my adult children, who have been a strong support for me during a very stressful life transition. 
had a successful meeting with the TU and really feel like we're on a better track with them, regardless of how it ends up. 
My family 
My Grandchildren 
roof 
Living in a country where you wake up in the morning and know there will be no fear of terrorism, war. 
it was pretty outside 
to be included in planning Christine's baby shower. 
to get to spend time with my son and daughter-in-law and grandchildren. 
Jennifer and the fact that we are mother and daughter as well as friends 
my tiny nephew was sleeping comfortably 
My ass looks good 
Found out that we will be able to keep our full insurance for another year 
Binbin called me up to see how I was doing and listened to me express my feelings and said she was interested in going on vacation. 
my mom and sister didn't yell today. 
having a job. 
Paul put away the clean dishes for me so I had room to do another load. 
Kylee's bad behaviour - I think I'm getting better at dealing with her bad behaviours. 
my husband 
was able to cook a nice meal. 
my house that I have a place to go at the end of the day. 
Having a good job 
That i have a good job and a good education. 
ee and jay did not have a fight today 
heard from my mentor who gave me some much needed encouragement! 
my boys 
my husband is a hardworking person who loves me, loves his family. 
my grandchildren 
My partner for being there for our 10yr. 
alone time in the morning 
very grateful to be in a relationship with someone that tries so hard everyday to make sure that I am happy. 
Maggie, who makes me happy everyday 
The weather was good on the way to work 
waking up to loving dogs 
Having my children with me, surrounding me with their love 
My son had a good day in Taekwondo 
to wake up 
the love of my life helped me get out of a rundown home. 
My children 
the sun was shining 
the cats. 
My animals, but I feel I can no longer care for them. 
My Husband 
My friend is still free for lunch on Friday 
I didn't wake up with a hang over after going out last night. 
a loving, caring kind husband. 
don't feel gud at all 
Thankful for bf and all he does for me 
HAPPY TO BE AT HOME WITH MY DOG KARMA AND BE ABLE TO DO WHAT I WANT TO DO AS OPPOSED TO BEING IN THE HOSPITAL. 
was excited to teach foundry 
madi said hello nana 
Meeting another giving and loving person 
When i disturbed my sleep my husband would sit with me as supports me a lot and am thankful to him 
having a job 
having caring parents 
Slept in 
the referees at my sons game tonight who told my daughter she did a good job singing the national anthem. 
Went to watch Amberlyn play basketball. 
my fiance being helpful and getting things for me. 
Having a family that supports me. 
my husband 
food 
Coffee maker works well 
Having to move state to state 
my family is healthy 
have a lot on my plate right now, but my family and friends helped pitch in some today. 
Quiet time at home 
mycat is alive and healthy and hangs out with me 
my vendors appreciated my knowledge and hard work 
living with relatives 
Christian employees helps me through my day a loving and Godly spirit in my business 
have a few close family members. 
no fights today with family. 
Encouraging my friend, likely to say my younger brother for his interview.I guided him with a proper of planning like How to study,what to study,How to answer..etc.I hope he will crash the interview better than i was expected. 
My Dad that supports me. 
quality time with my daughter 
My good morning text from Brock. 
I am able to take care of my pets. 
my family are healthy. 
My Children and Grandchildren are Healthy - Many people are fighting disease and illness. 
when Andrew helps make dinner or clean my apartment. 
no longer in a relationship in which we constantly ague and fight. 
The ant problem really is gone and I did all the dishes even the plastic bags for reuse. 
Tim works everyday and has a good work ethic 
Nicki didn't come to work today 
being alive. 
my husband and I had some alone time together today and were able to visit with one another and share lunch and spend some quality time together. 
my Inna) 
managed to eat lunch at time ( usually I don't) 
MY MOTHER'S DEATH 
Ran 
My dog Yoda bringing me his toy to play with. 
Andrew gave me girlscout cookies!I was hungryIt was tasty 
today I was grateful for my friends honest opinion about how I feel about a situation that has happened. 
Took a hot shower washed my hair and got dressed 
talked to tim today. 
A colleague was thankful for my help 
people who around me 
Meeting someone on a personal level and feel like I contributed to their understanding of me. 
Jestem wdzięczna za to, że pomimo wszystkich kłótni i sporów (i innych negatywnych rzeczy) i tak ostatecznie mogę liczyć na wsparcie 
That my grown up kids have now all got jobs 
very much grateful to my mother because of her attitude towards me. 
a healthy lunch and dinner 
a good mood today. 
my darling cooked dinner for me and being so supportive to my study 
What a beautiful day , all the flowers up the carport are smiling to me 
not well today but supported by my mom. 
I have a loving boyfriend that supports me. 
My husband who is loving, kind and thoughtful 
Overall I'm pretty healthy physically. 
Seeing Joe in the morning 
This morning my brother woke up before I left for woke and said, "I love you have a good day." 
My health in that I am thankful that I am able to walk, run and go as I please with the use of all of my body. 
Grateful to have a job in a Catholic school. 
Kanapki zrobione przez mamę 
quiet peaceful time alone in the morning 
my age, 77, I'm still working productively. 
Ik ben dankbaar voor mijn vriendin die mij uitnodigt om leuke dingen te komen doen samen met mijn zoontje bij haar. 
Talking to Sarah Wood 
The kids were very happy today, no crying. 
Chloe randomly gave me a hug as her mom was picking her up. 
don't have to worry about money right now. 
When my mom cooks dinner for me and dad 
not in a relationship with Sam anymore. 
waking up next to Brian, so warm and snuggly and nice/sweet to me. 
children 
Jestem wdzieczna za kochajaca rodzine: rodzicow, brata. 
The first thing that brighten my day was the face of my child's. 
greateful for my familiy. 
listened a couple of great new songs 
Feel thankful for my wonderful cat 
Car maintenance 
resolved a computer problem by calling the computer tech guy. 
Flat screen TV made me very happy because it felt like I was back in the world of people who have it together. 
Ju gave me some great advice. 
my family. 
A nice family and great friends who support me and help me when times get tough. 
My mom 
My family makes my life great. 
Waking up next to my boyfriend 
the opportunity to meet up with my good friend Alice the other day, after having gone so long without seeing her. 
don't have to stress about finishing the t-shirt for social studies because the two snow-days made it so everyone had left their shirt at school. 
did my exercises. 
Be alive Today 
nessie 
Shoveled snow this morning in the quiet 
my family and my fiance. 
the meals i had today. 
have a family that loves me. 
My girls. 
Having a wonderfull family 
My husband. 
safe - I was surprised by that answer. 
Morning went rather smoothly for getting my daughter off to school. 
to have my own place because i was homeless before and always worried about how I would survive when no one was there to help me. 
My commute was less stressful than it normally is. 
I've had some long weeks, with only up to 5 hours of sleep a day. 
Today i felt stressed and didnt feel like eating. 
Lydia and I got to go to yoga and have a good class today. 
having a great place to serve since I have to work. 
Being able to work from home today which meant no long drive, home made lunch by my gorgeous boyfriend and comfy clothes. 
Pyszny obiadek, wsparcie finansowe mamy na zakupy i fryzjera 
We are together in our flat, which we do not need to share with anyone else any more 
My hubby did not react much for my consistent murmuring today .he 
to be working in a job that allows me to be creative. 
not completely losing my head when the store went from 0 to 80 mph in 1 minute. 
my family they are so sweet and kind I love my son Stephen his wife michelle and drache my gransson 
spending time with my friend 
there are 
My FamilyI have a wonderful and supportive family.We share openess and love freely.we 
Having support of my husband on my journey with healing from cancer. 
Puedo administrar mi tiempo de manera que puedo trabajar en proyectos externos de la mejor manera que considere apropiada. 
saw a friend that had a long time to see him 
roberta keeps me in the loop 
drew willing to talk 
My husband telling me he loves me 
Seeing my dog Emma excited as we went for a walk 
Coming home to Phil and Maisie 
Walked Troy early before yoga, was DONE!2. 
felt grateful that Seth remembered even the little things like me forgetting to go to the gym BEFORE going to get a spray tan. 
Nice meal shared 
My wonderful, tolerant, supporting husband 
My friends, there are so supportive to me, and I appreciate our caring nature for one another. 
very grateful for my two amazing children. 
Moge sie wyspac w domu, bo nikt mi nie przeszkadza. 
free 
got an email from Sara Curry about my show and she talked about what a positive influence I was. 
have a beautiful home that we purchased last year and I don't have to worry about moving for a while. 
Cleaned my kitchen in less that 10 minutes 
Sunny day 
Health 
my health and the abundance of my blessings 
Mom is safe and happy so I don't have to worry about her. 
my sons 
buddha 
I got to take a rest day today 
zabralam mame mateusza na zakupy i pomagalam jej 
my wife's efforts at cleaning the house and doing the laundry for us. 
Stressor 1: Day we moved a family of 5 and a dog to Germany for two years for a teaching contract. 
Spencer is trying hard to be a friend.I am grateful that Spencer has been communicating well with our daily schedule.I am grateful that Spencer thanked me for listening to him last night. 
having an amazibng boyfriend 
woke up and kissed my husband and had a big hug goodbye 
My love of live, my girlfriend. 
Die hübsche Ärztin und wie sie mich verzaubert hat, als sie mir plötzlich in der Praxis gegenüberstand. 
Helping a colleague with technical tasks and she was grateful. 
The sunshine and calm whilst driving 
I have a job that gives me the ability to leave for four months so I can go on a trip to Australia with my fiancé. 
The sun is shinning after yesterdays torrential rain.I am able to enjoy the sun and dry the clothes. 
had the time to spend with the boys and taught them how to sew. 
Going to the chiropractor, knowing that I was doing a good thing for my health and my happiness. 
My best friend Candy and the silly things we talk about 
went out on a run, it was beautiful and warm outside, I saw the mountains and views from Longs Peak. 
My family are supportive 
My grandgirls. 
My health. 
My roommate answered my text when I needed her to and gave me positive words 
my hair is growing through thick an healthy. 
get to go work out in the morning even though it is only for a short period of time. 
getting a text message from Allen that he loves me 
My friends making me laugh at the mall 
Our laundry room is fixed and pleasant to be in - it's a better space. 
sleeping in 
the quiet of the early morning hours before the rest of the world gets going when I can work at my own pace. 
Courtney and Heather made me feel good about myself today, after all the things that have been happening especially with Jeremiah. 
all those years of gymnastics training because now I excel at other sports, especially track. 
my wife Vicki. 
My Honey letting me use his car for work while he takes the bus. 
Je suis heureux de travailler à l'intérieur, dans un bel environnement de travail. 
1. 
Having healthy kids! 
Watching Sorin play on the floor w/ his toys and chatter 
The roof got painted today. 
My partner brought home food for dinner and picked up my medication for me. 
a home to come home to 
having a very loving and devoted significant other that calls me during the day for just a quick call to let me know that he loves me and is thinking of me. 
being self employed working at my pace from home 
I have Joel in my life. 
Sink in the room so I can piss without walking down the hall. 
wagging tails when i walked thru the door 
my girlfriend loves me unconditionally 
to have a decent place to stay. 
My lovely home 
my daughter Chloe's smile when we she gets home from working at Starbucks! 
Husband does lots of the chores 
got house cleaned 
Nobody griped about being made to do chores or stop playing video games. 
The front door got re-stained and the porch freshly painted. 
team members have done an exceptional job with project set for them 
my fiancé is genuinely concerned about our house hunting efforts and made the effort to find a home he thought we might like and schedule the appointment with a real estate agent on his own. 
Life 
Lindsay is going to send me a surprise! 
each of my family members are healthy, have a good jobs and returned home safe and sound. 
Grateful for my home and all of the miracles that occurred to make it all happen. 
So thankful that God takes care of me and my husband. 
Sam helping figure out how to go scuba diving this weekend. 
My family is healthy 
1D 
did not hit my boss as i wanted to. 
the three wonderful kids that I have in my life. 
My client made me laugh 
Money isn't a big deal as it was - I feel good at the moment about my finances. 
Firstly, the sun was gorgeous, and everything is in bloom, and it feels great outside.Thirdly, I had a nice time listening to the news. 
A few more things I'm grateful for. 
The man at the return counter took back the supplements I bought on an impulse when I realized I could use that money for better things, like food, and that I had a similar thing already. 
Today the sun came out between showers and drizzles. 
My day with Michael was nice today (caregiving). 
Well it's only 5am but let's go....1. 
spoke confidently 
having a few hours to myself without interruption. 
my Dog, Mojo. 
Having time to meditate. 
Trina apologized for brining her drama in knowing how stressed I've been, even thought I'd rather be stressed with her stress than my own 
The first thing that brightened my Day was waking up to smelling coffee already brewed, ready to pour my first cup, 
Have shelter & heat & lights 
to have someone in my life that I love and who loves me. 
did a lot production today 
Having a home 
completed at least 50 support requests today because my email box was empty at the end of the work day. 
The kids were home when I got home...and they did not fight about what to eat when we got takeout 
have a beautiful home which I designed with my husband and it is exactly the way I want it to be. 
having a good hair day 
my hair looked good today 
able to come home and cook a nice, healthy meal for nick and me. 
Playing games with my daughter 
had lunch with V 
Greatfull that the kids go to bed when they are told. 
surprising my husband and dog in the park 
being raised in a loving home. 
Nasty people/bullying 
My Family 
the laundry is done, even if it is still in baskets in the middle of the living room 2 days later! 
God in my life 
First, I am thankful that I was able to hang up my new curtains in my living room. 
got to work on time 
Patty and Kim 
Having a spouse who helps in the chores of the home and groceries, cooking, dishes and taking care of the kids. 
having my two cats that give me unconditional love and good energy 
my husband's support and encouragement 
SC got his development testing done. 
I can be a stay at home mom and still run a home based business! 
My friends have been so supportive and caring as I go thru my divorce process. 
was able to sleep today. 
Having a warm place to come home to having the luxury of devoting myself to school makes me happy 
My kids 
got my groceries early this morning so that left the rest of the day open to get things done. 
Tyler is safe, and that the officer helped him see how blessed he is. 
my friend liking a video post which was so cute/sweet/funny that she started coughing so hard while she was laughing she enjoyed it so much; 
My husband was loving and supportive when I needed it. 
always grateful for another day with my family. 
paul 
the chance to play in the snow with the kids. 
Ricky was here to help while I was sick. 
My Heavenly Father 
Quit using drugs 
My son 
friendship with KJ 
have a job. 
My bike ride in to work and the fog 
How great and understanding my husband is, even when I'm acting crazy. 
Dependable parents who still take care of me at almost-30, and Dad fixing my car for way less than we worried it would cost. 
My husband helps out at home. 
my husband spends lots of time with his wife and kids. 
was able to start on my list for my new adventure in life. 
gratitude for being wonderful wife and mother to my family and especially to my grand babies 
Annalise texted me first, woohoo! 
Getting a hug from my daughter 
The first thing that brightened my day was waking up next to Mike. 
My son hung out with me while I tried to make a game with him. 
Having food to make for dinner 
Grateful for my family, thst we love and care about each other and truly want to best for each other and believe in each other. 
Received a new pt referred from another pt. 
so grateful that my cousin came to visit. 
gods blessings in my life 
my family and friends. 
Last night he was at his mom's & he made Nacho's for the family & brought me a plate so I didn't have to cook for 1. 
my parents are here to support me while I go back to school to try to find my path. 
G slept most of the way through the night, and so did I. 
my son offered to help me with work. 
mom helping me get my car fixed 
peaceful bedtime 
rent-free shelter during the coldest and snowiest February in a long time. 
my comfortable home, and my new furniture. 
the dishes being washed 
1. 
My Job, 
very grateful to my husband who is always there to support me and sometimes be the punching bad when I have a bad day. 
a bed to sleep in! 
Not having to deal with snow. 
my family,when talking to my wife about the things going around our business,compititors. 
Scott. 
my son. 
My husband. 
Grateful for having a husband who loves and supports me 
having wonderful parents. 
ma grateful for having a loving husband. 
DIANA SAID SHE MISSED ME. 
Getting to get out of Phoenix 
relationship with the children developing 
Coffee breaks 
Je remercie mes parents de m'avoir donné la valeur travail. 
Being able to talk to michael about anything 
A old friends email 
my 3 furbabies 
Thankful for having the time to clear out my old paper work in the flat and re-arrange my belongings to create a song writing space. 
my parents. 
My sister brought me home one of my favourite meals for lunch. 
My daughter is healthy. 
Got to spend time with my family 
When Evan died and I was at the hospital with Adam and Wade. 
Zadzwonilam do dziekanatu dr 
My husband and daughter hugging me 
My children doing the chores I told them to do. 
continued birthday wishes I am grateful for the opportunity to attend an OA meetings, although feel bad for not being more present to some exent I am grateful for Dwayne's help w/vaccuum and garden 
marolyn 
my home is my safe haven where I can close the door to the drama of the world. 
my kids although they are a naughty at times. 
My loving husband 
got a call from my friend 
crazy as my parents are, I do appreciate them and I do have everything to thank them for. 
They encourage and pray for me in tough situations. 
My husband did dishes, laundry and cooked supper so I could focus on schooling. 
Grateful that I was busy 
Un compañero me ayudó en un asunto de salud 
Buscar trabajo en donosti 
heard from my brother Mark and he made me laugh as he has a man cold. 
So thankful Cathy and her kindness 
my life situation 
Waking up in our own bed in our own house 
my daughter when she tells me she loves me 
I can come in whenever I please and create my own schedule. 
Coworkers coming to visit me at my desk 
enjoy stability in one location. 
The great home we have 
My son 
families health 
my parents allowing me to live with them. 
my children 
wife and child 
Taking care of my basic needs 
got home last night from work and my SO had done the dishes, fed the dogs, had dinner warming on the stove and this morning he did all the laundry! 
1. 
my dogs faces when I woke up 
JackieErinTomPatrick 
David is more positive and more open and much more healthy. 
Knowing Carter was sleeping soundly. 
Pobudka rano, kawa i rozmowa z Julia 
Jeff made me dinner. 
was grateful that my work is flexible and I can work from home. 
the way Lauren looks for small, daily things he can do to make me happy or simply to make things easier for me. 
don't have to worry about getting a postdoc. 
my cat smacking me in the face to wake me up 
getting a job interview. 
been recognize for the work I doing 
my daughter 
Had an unexpected visit from a young family member. 
having no relationship stress right now. 
I am not going thru chemo anymore 
My boyfriend made me breakfast 
Popołudnie z D. Herbata, spacer, nowy sklep z herbatą, grzanki z sosem czosnkowym i rozmowa. 
Tomasz 
waking up at home instead of a hospital. 
getting help fixing the windows 
Health 
Ziggy is ok and didn't get eaten by a coyote. 
Fluffy cats that keep me company in the studio, or when I have insomnia <3 
Bad relationships. 
Having lunch with my mom 
My dog stayed with me all night without complaining about it. 
My children 
Having good parents 
My amazing, the sweetest mom. 
went running after work 
Cuddles from my husband in the morning. 
Waking up with Pam 
My colleagues Katie and Deen are inspiring, hard working, funny, and always have my back. 
life itself, from the down times come growth and development and change, from the good times one can reach out and love and care for others as well as self 
Positive interaction with pt and Dr 
my family and my friends 
Tim came with me to the hospital 
The weather out today was excellent and I loved that. 
Jos support during butch spay 
Marta came to my life as she is a beautiful and kind soul 
dont have a dog (only a cat) so I dont need to wake up 20 min earlier to go with him do the street 
My car 
the opportunity to live abroad and experience another country. 
less stress at my job than last year. 
The cats love me unconditionally, and someone is always glad to see me. 
don't have to worry about paying the bills, or making ends meet. 
My boss complimented me for my intuitive skills in handling a difficult client. 
Family 
The beauty of the blue sky and snow from our window. 
so very fortune to have a job and work at childrens hospital 
One of my students played a piece in a concert, and it went well. 
Le doy gracias a la vida por haber puesto en mi camino a una persona que solo busca hacerme mejor, que si de pronto es medio testarudo sí. 
My friend Kim called and we arranged to meet up 
The first thing I feel grateful for is that Dada finally allowed Maa to go to Sambalpur. 
1. 
Just general talking and freaking out with Rhiannon in the writing center today. 
my family especially my children Andrew and Emily that bring joy to my life everyday. 
Que j'aime les enfants, la classe, que se soit un bon groupe, que ça passe vite. 
Partager une belle relation avec Memo 
That I'm on the board of the h igland bldg 
Waking up with Gonzo 
I finished one of the new brochures and that it looks great! 
to have roof in my head. 
have a nice home. 
so grateful for my family. 
Guelph 
My mother is a wonderful woman! 
gave blood 
My daughter Elisa came with me to the Medical Staff Meeting and it made me feel so much less alone.We talked about her college choices, life choices and about friends and parents and everything-- we had coffee and dinner together-- nice 
I don't need to work outside of the home so that I don't have to worry about taking time off for my health or dealing with the kind of stressful situations that make me painfully ill. 
watched my second episode of Sherlock this morning. 
Thankful I got to go shopping today by my self and found a few things. 
custard from Shake Shack 
My husband made me breakfast today, giving me the time and space to ease my way into my day. 
Dan Porter. 
Christina, because she is just such an amazing girlfriend. 
Finally completed JIRA review 
Caitlyn sent me stuff from her tour of the CDC just because she knows I'm a public health nerd and love the CDC. 
a loving family who cares about me enough that they would do what they can to help me, show love for me, and just be there for me. 
The boys all napped easily at the same time. 
the sincerity of some colleagues 
My friend Lex, and being able to talk to her after a stressful day. 
so grateful that my lovely son was home and able to remove the cats loving gift of a large rat so i didn't have to! 
so grateful that i live in a warm dry home especially as I watch the poor people of christchurch cleaning up after the floods of the last few days. 
iesit cu prietena mea Paula si chiar am simtit ca ma conectez cu ea, ca avem despre ce vorbi si ca imi face placere 
Constantin said that i'm a useful person in the company. 
had so many bad things in my life. 
financial stability 
to have a safe, happy and stable home life. 
Hassan brought supper home. 
My heart 
waking up alive,with all my body functioning. 
My kids waking up and giving me hugs and kisses 
to be able to spend time with my boyfriends everynight 
my two healthy daughters 
the girls woke up with good attitudes this morning and weren't arguing all morning. 
Healthy food and ways to strengthen my mind, body, and spirit 
my health 
the fuzzy white 'Meow' who is sleeping on my lap. 
slept good. 
Ended a friendship. 
Mark is usually so understanding. 
Managed to have a little time online while baby slept and my elder daughter played with her toys havent been able to do this for the past three weeks so feel thankful for that 
Colleagues who are supportive 
The love of my friends 
finances are great 
not to have to take the garbage out everyday. 
my two sweet, healthy kids. 
Understanding. 
Waking up to see the ocean 
My wonderful babysitter 
My children are happy and healthy 
A hot chocolate from the shop across the street. 
Pas de traffic ce matin 
My Husband did the dishes before he left for work. 
my children improved their voccabulary today: one said mama, the other clothes :) 
a book 
Thankful for a new day. 
truly grateful for my wonderful family 
Wife let me sleep in. 
I can stop and get a coffee without worry of being late to work. 
very thankful for my husband and all of his dedicated hard work in providing for our family and making sure we have all we need and then some. 
A lazy start to the morning and it not actually raining for a change. 
Chat with good friend Joyce today 
Mikan kanssa sain hyvässä hengessä selvyyttä päättymistapavalintoihin 
my marriage 
Grateful to have wonderful family around willing to help out with Zack's care when needed. 
Returned exams to Chris 
have stayed positive all day! 
People from past 
When my cat lay on my tummy and purred as soon as I got home 
not stressing about getting married any more! 
family 
Being a father to four loving sons 
The days are getting longer,Spring is very close. 
Doing the ironing leading to a tidier house 
Family 
waking up next to my wonderful husband 
have a great family 
The sun was shining when I got to work. 
Que Mathieu soit en santé. 
Brittany who accepted to drop me off and pick me up at the airport REALLY early and during work hours. 
1. 
support from my family. 
organizing a girl's paint night. 
have a home and people who love me. 
watched the Olympics 2014 in Sochi and the opening and closing ceremonies. 
Tiger 
eye site 
i have a friend like him 
hyuj 
that my husband is looking into other car options in order to reduce the monthly payments. 
The email with AF 
woke up this morning and felt really good. 
Needed at work 
I could afford to buy groceries today. 
don't have to worry about getting pregnant again. 
my child 
I can grow vegies in the garden 
my family. 
got a compliment on my outfit! 
managed to get some arty stuff done with my son. 
A fun day to get away from the house with Ethan 
My shoes came today. 
cxvccxv 
1. 
1. 
My husband is the first thing I am thankful for. 
I got to come home to a quiet room and take a nap. 
extremely grateful for Tyler, my boyfriend. 
So today in fact, my boyfriend shared with me that he feels uncomfortable around my family. 
Grateful to come home to a peaceful quiet house 
My daughter was feeling better after being very sick. 
Luke is doing ok. 
forever grateful to my wife for birthing my newborn son and taking care of him in such a loving way. 
to be talking to my wife about trying to have a baby. 
Charlotte and I survived two years of living apart. 
My son was okay after going to the hospital 
Matthis wollte ausmalen und hat sich wirklich Muehe gegeben. 
Ich mwohne nicht mehr in der Mini-Wohnung in Mannheim und sehe meine Familie jeden Tag 
Having a sleep in 
A great apartment 
A new friend/counselor who I feel I may be able to dialogue with and process current difficulties I feel stuck in during these challenging times 
to be able to walk, I am grateful for a my health, and body. 
Aunty brought me a coke 
not in relationships that live me unfulfilled and closed up anymore. 
God has put wonderful people in my life. 
the roof over my head, my own room, the beautiful wood desk I picked out, my ornate silver mirror I got for such a great deal, and everything I am so lucky to own. 
the message 
Having a wonderful family full of loving, crazy and intelligent people that supports me financially. 
was grateful for the friendly way I was treated by people who hardly know me. 
My son was happy when I picked him up at daycare. 
It's always great waking up next to my husband. 
My family're always ready to help me with all what I need at this moment. 
Health 
Its a very nice sunny day, I can feel the warmth of the light of the sun. 
Understanding and patient Phil. 
We had delicious Chinese tea. 
My mom made me pizza for dinner, and she baked just so it will be done exactly when I come home. 
to have health. 
Eating dinner as a family...particularly when it is peaceful and peppered with good conversation. 
My family keeps in touch with me through whatsapp. 
szczurzyczki 
travel and creation 
will go to the Depeche Mode concert with Domenica 
good conversation with friends...sharing time/thoughts/emotions 
to have a family that supports me to be and do what i want to in life. 
My happy Pomeranian. 
my kids who bring so much joy to me everyday 
presented an important story 
got a 92% score on my job audit. 
got free parking 
Getting cuddles from my son, , 
don't have to worry about paying the bills anymore. 
Having the dishes done. 
receiving a hug from a friend who works with me 
waking up to find Jonathan beside me 
got the best Valentine card ever from my wonderful life. 
My husband is very proactive and wants to get things done early. 
won VIP tickets to a concert 
1. 
most of the time I don't feel like I will be kicked out and that the abusive moments pass by eventually. 
Spencer, my family, and my intellect...the hope of having salvation 
to have the internet as a resource to better my life. 
1. 
Thursday, Francesca wanted me to stay for World Thinking Day. 
could do what I want, I had no responsibilities today. 
Spending a lot of fun time with my mother! 
getting a text from my girlfriend 
very grateful of having a beautiful family.they 
My Husband he is so good and kind to me. 
Wife and my family and my dog 
Having a few really neat women friends that I feel close too in different ways. 
I have good friends that I know care about me. 
my friends who encouraged me to join startup weekend and participate with an open mind. 
Ben getting our lunches ready in the morning while I print and get myself ready for school. 
the opportunity to go to the arboretum today. 
My wife 
nice sport 
I have a great husband who loves me very much. 
I have a close family that I can visit everyday. 
have a roof over my head. 
Adamcheeks. 
to have Steve here. 
My friend took me to the football match. 
don't have to worry about my job. 
My daughter, she is the sunshine in my life. 
gratefull to have great collegues who are friends as well 
Finishing school, as a perfectionist I always wanted to get straight A's which caused me a great deal of stress. 
My mom called me to chat and made me feel loved. 
Watched a tv programme with whole family 
Choice of school for children although it is stressful daily driving them to/fro school. 
I survived 2 cancers, blood clot, collapsed lung aspiration pneumonia and C-Diff over the past 10 years 
My family always taking care of me. 
encouraging words from a friend at work. 
Leah and Sam invited me to watch a film and said they wanted my company. 
not worried about career and knowing what to do with my life. 
My loving Husband who for some crazy reason loves me despite my craziness. 
Fou-rires et sport avec Maxence 
my cousins' son, that I could spend some time with them today and play 
My mom said I can could cope with my problems and I would make it 
friendliness 
those few co-workers who really try to help and are always willing to listen. 
relieved that I don't have to worry about Kris drinking irresponsibly anymore it ate up a huge amount of energy 
Watching Movie 
having the amazing privilege of being able to be alive. 
When my past relationship ended I was devastated but I'm letting her go and the stress that it is inducing on my life. 
Waking up and noticing our dog basking the in the sun that was shining through the window. 
a good cup of coffee 
Me and my boyfriend have a good relationship and I love being with him/spending time with him. 
Phone calls from friends. 
having parents who are still together and care for me despite their differences. 
Lynn is so supportive of me and that he put all of dad's checks into the computer. 
Soroptimist 
Canada won gold 
Awesome family 
My husband is always so gentle and loving in the morning. 
Mis amigos han estado pendientes de mi, me han apoyado y se han mostrado disponibles para acompañarme en mis actividades. 
greateful for my healthy 
I have a beautiful house to live in. 
Having a nice appartment with views to the train station and that gets lots of sun! 
Playing with my niece 
to my wife and 2 lovely kids. 
I got to spend the day in the apartment by myself with Claire. 
my family, whose present , and supportive of my career. 
had a tough and stressful day at work and after work I went to work out and did some relaxing activities. 
believe that my family makes life great, for each one of my family, I think they are best. 
the sunny day 
Kristen Rooney called to catch up today 
My friend Sabrina who is always concerned for me and cares how I feel. 
Had breakfast with beautiful, supportive parents. 
don't have to stress about doing year 12 or doing Architecture. 
woke up next to my loving partner, Andrew. 
Being awakened to my sweet puppies 
Mom taking care of the home chores 
have a job 
having the energy to get up from bed midway through the afternoon and shower. 
More energy, getting over cold 
Nic 
I work with someone who appreciates that value that I have to offer. 
the conquering good health of my husband. 
was able to pay off all our bills today. 
My boss appreciates me. 
Today I am grateful for the time I got to spend with my uncle, cousin, brother and mother. 
my loving beautiful daughters 
My partner will make dinner tonight 
1. 
Watching Bones with Deevster and Muffles 
Olen tänulik, et mul on oma ilus puhas kodu 
Having a great time with my friends, sisters, brothers)) 
Being able to sleep in today! 
A recent near breakup with the love of my life. 
That i saw an improvement in my fatigue 
delicious dinner that my mum made for me today. 
to have a husband who doesn't mind taking over meal prep and dog care when he's home on the weekend. 
having Jay as an intellectual and caring friend 
My friend send me an caring e-mail. 
have a good distance to the hurting people from my past. 
Parents agreed to let me buy a Kindle 
kind coleagues 
uređen veći dio stana 
zdravlje i sloga primarne obitelji 
my roomie, because she's a wonderful person and also a good friend. 
my mom gets up early for me and makes my brreakfast 
Être avec mes enfants en congé 
Waking up to see beautiful ice crystals sparkling on all of the trees. 
very grateful when i am following my religon properly 
Just out of a relation ship which was full of fights. 
My parents are visiting in a few weeks. 
zaufanie rodziców 
had yummy colcanon and sausages for tea 
Grateful my children were ready and dressed for church this morning. 
Sun shining through the window. 
Sharing a joke with Orla. 
Por mi mama, ella es el mejor regalo de que tengo. 
No debo preocuparme por una relación sentimental tormentosa en mi vida, actualmente me eh tomado el tiempo para disfrutarme a mi misma. 
took a walk with my boyfriend and dog 
My loving parents who have always done their best to try and understand me, even if they can't sometimes- it's not their fault, it's similar to how I may not understand them, sometimes. 
Kathryn took me out to lunch 
don't have to worry about month end 
Me siento agradecida cuando mi mamá y mi papá me ayudaron a sobre salir de mis problemas de inicio de universidad. 
My mum joking around with me and Adam this morning about her personal trainer. 
Getting up in the morning. 
rode my bike to work today:) and got to share my joy with the people i work with... 
the roof ice melting today as a result of the men coming yesterday to clear it with a phone call from Bill to the Roofing company. 
my family. 
Ser abrazada por mi pareja 
1. 
the people that love me 
My friends congratulated me on starting a new job. 
Having the time to talk on the phone to a friend, while walking outside in the sun 
Everyone at my home allow me to carry on my work on internet. 
my kids- health , wisdom, ability to think for themselves not on drugs , 
Jestem wdzieczna za mojego przyjaciela, ktory przyslal mi ksiazke, wabi sabi love, mimo, ze moze to nie byc z korzyscia dla niego, tylko dla mnie. 
Co za chollo miec na miejscu mojego tate, ktory prowadzi rano Lusia do szkoly, odbiera go, gotuje, pracuje... 
mymother 
It was a short week. 
having support from my daughter to get thru 
the piece of caKE I JUST HAD 
my family and friends who are supporting me while i complete my masters degree. 
life 
THAT AMBER DID NOT STAY MAD 
My facial beauty treatment and lovely relaxing time spent in the saloon. 
made progress on booking a difficult international flight. 
no longer have to live with 3 large mentally ill people who might hurt me, physically or emotionally, at any moment. 
1. 
My wife got her vehicle inspected 
Sleeping in after a fun night with friends. 
my life. 
My sister bought me a can of lager. 
cup of coffee in a warm bed with two cuddly dogs. 
The kids and I washed and cleaned the car and Sam and I had some great bonding time 
got to visit with my love for the third day in a row, we had fun and laughed. 
finding the cats sleeping in the house- they didn't come in the bedroom last night and I imagined something had happened to them 
People liked my doll 
Long drive to explore 
have an easy way to exercise in the house. 
Unreliable car 
Christian is here to keep me company and get things from store/restaurants 
still have a job, right now a lot of people are losing their jobs at the company, and so far, I am still there, it's good to know I still have my job 
getting to sleep in before work while Blaine took care of Kaydance and was very on-top of things. 
Spending quality time with my oldest son, Will, this afternoon was lovely. 
was able to take a nap instead of worrying about studying for my exam 
having a wonderful boyfriend 
chris thanking me for my kindness 
Sof and I watched a beautiful movie together 
a roof over my head 
Andie always sends me daft things he finds on the internet so I will laugh. 
great full for, Sue 
Making the decision to not allow negative thoughts rule my conscious. 
my mum 
Bubble bath 
I had an honest talk with Sandra today and that we are committed to our friendship. 
People post often on my facebook wall, it makes me feel connected 
live in a safe city where there is no threat of war, starvation or disease 
Lately, Damian has seemed even smarter and better behaved than usual, and he hasn't made one single negative comment about "little brother Adrian" in 2 days. 
Ryan handles so many things that are hard for me -- errands, cooking, cleaning, dog-walking... Life is so much better and easier with his help and companionship. 
What makes my life great? 
coffee - because it is a nice start to the day. 
to be alive to see a new day 
a compliment about my outfit 
Watching hockey with friends at Boston Pizza 
1. 
Honest communicator. 
My dad recommended me to his boss, which may results in consulting work. 
Having roommates who support me with my endeavors and help me in times of need. 
My appointment was on time 
my friend Debbie who stepped up on Friday when I needed someone to keep me distracted and allow me to whine about what happened the day before. 
It never rained yesterday, at least not at my house :) 
Jedeane. 
Breakfast with my children 
to be building relationships with new people. 
Monica posted on facebook that she finally got a job that she wanted. 
Drew bought the family a 3d tv as a surprise 
my boyfriend is really caring and thoughtful, and he wants me to be happy 
The 1st thing that brightened my day was contacting an old good client and making a lunch date 
It was great being able to workout and take a nap with my daughter today. 
My life is great because I have managed to move away from my hometown and live overseas. 
my roommates are cool, fun people who i get along with 
my sister's company 
My house is still clean!!! My roommates are being great about the dishes and taking awesome initiatives to tai scare of the roach and leak problems 
Mum's insistent and adorable desire to feed me and send me with delicious home-cooked meals. 
Having breakfast made for me was a pleasant surprise 
This morning Benjamin came into my room and gave me a hug to start the day, AWESOME! 
have a reliable car. 
Tori. 
texts with kristin 
wife' s cooking 
My husband coming in to wake me up playfully. 
Feeling sheets in my bed. 
My spouse let me sleep in 
my loving wife, having fun together watching movies, eating and relaxing 
a cozy and comfortable home 
could think and do something according to my need. 
waking up to breakfast in bed followed by cuddles with my partner, before we left the hotel we had been in for a belated valentine's day/anniversary treat :) 
Grateful #1 that Josh helps so much with tasks around the house and with the kids. 
Enjoying a joke with co worker 
My friends are excited for my new career and willing to help 
Linnea is getting me started in the PINZ stuff 
hace 2 kids. 
Ben smiling at me and kissing me goodbye 
my family and most of all my roomate 
Pablo, an old friend of mine from Gor (my grandparent's village in southern Spain) wrote to me on Facebook, which was nice since I haven't heard from him in years. 
my kids 
Thankful that my Grandma's surgery was successful. 
Waking up this morning next to my husband. 
I love my house 
to have a family that understands and participates in recovery. 
i have my parents with me who love me so muchand i can see them everyday 
Being able to sit in my computer room in complete silence with the sun peeking through my window . 
The first thing that brightened up my day was my moo moo spending the day with me even though she was sick. 
took time to relax and get well. 
La psicòloga em va donar un quars verd dijous. 
Ja no m'he de preocupar per estar vivint amb els meus pares als 27 anys. 
neville went out the door without crying 
being able to spend time with my 2 little doggies :) 
Neighbors invited us over and we got the chance to talk to other neighbors that we hadn't met. 
The weather was great on the way to work. 
A clean quiet homeWhere I ca n do anything I want w/o criticism. 
the help Brandon gives me with the girls. 
Julia - glad she is out of our lives 
having a loving mom who cares about me more than she does about her self. 
still have my job despite my recent failed relationship with a co-worker 
Grateful for time spent with my family. 
Thankful to my parents for their handwork , and supporting me in my education. 
Corey's help with groceries and making taco salad. 
Grateful for a warm home. 
Even though it is freezing here, the sun is out and the sky is blue. 
living out of boxes and being cleaner than I've ever been before, our home is getting for REALS clean and organized. 
money is currently extremely tight (c'mon job offer!), 
Florida 
I have a place to go to get away from the over stimulus of the world. 
My parent/teacher conference with Mrs. Sequino. 
Friends that showed up in my time of need 
I can change. 
zeszyt str.1 
having a family that respects one another and get along and enjoy spending time together 
the whole family is peaceful no hasle, quarrels just everyone doing there own stuff. 
Getting little Amber. 
have an amazing mind. 
the smile of Maximo when playing with him. 
having a roof over my head 
have my family 
1. 
My grandson said thank you several times on his last visit...came back in from his ride home and gave me a big hug... 
Collaborating on blog post for new blog with friend, was very encouraging of my work and felt like we were working on something cool together. 
1. 
I have a job that allows me carry a good lifestyle. 
being healthy 
to have a job to go to, especially one where people are friendly and helpful and the work environment is clean and well maintained. 
feel grateful that im a doctor,i am an honest person,i speak truth, 
Having Kristin as a friend who has been reaching out to me more when she notices I need some support. 
having other people around who are all invested in the success of the operation. 
waking up in my warm bed 
getting chores done without interruption 
had a short but good chat with one of my best friends on the phone. 
Sat down and had a nice meal with my daughter 
Great coworkers 
Today I am very grateful that I have a housekeeper who I love and adore. 
What makes me greatful for today , the fact that i have my 3 children ans my partner Also im able to provide for them to the best i can. 
la non culpabilité de prendre mon travail à la légère aujourd,hui. 
Gregs support at home 
My wonderful friendships! 
got most of my laundry, dishes, and other chores done today before Isobel got home. 
A wonderful, supportive husband 
My step kids doing their homework. 
finished my crossfit WOD 
Successful 3rd period at GHS 
I finished my work today. 
having a clean home, with a large yard for the dogs to play in. 
Making the decision with my best friend to move into our new apartment within the next few weeks. 
Francis, Ben and Jesse. 
the house finally being clean enough that I don't have to constantly feel like I should be doing something. 
don't have to worry about teaching. 
My kitty 
the employees in the Portland office and their ability to laugh. 
My kids coming home to give me a hug 
My health 
my loving and supporting family 
Laughing with friends 
Getting a restful night of sleep. 
Tous les câlins d'Oscar ... son affection, son attachement, mon amour pour lui. 
to have amazing friends who I can turn to in times of need, who support me and who can always make me laugh regardless of how down and low I feel 
Dinner with Kevin and the kids 
my son really loves books and we have a few minutes each day that we can read together. 
The first thing that brightened my day was releasing some emotion by finally crying about the past. 
the ability to make myself a better person day to day, physically and intellectually. 
The first thing I am grateful for is my husband and how he has been caring for me after my recent surgery. 
Something that made me grateful…having Boy Meets World to show to my kids. 
Patrick was willing to open his home to me for a few days. 
Had some romantic alone time with the hubs! 
my boyfriend goes out of his way to help me when I need it. 
don't have to worry about what people think of me from my past. 
to have a familiy. 
I have a job that can support my family. 
woke up without a headache. 
got to cut off the jade tree pieces and put them in water to transplant them with everyone leaving me alone. 
My Nephews are happy and healthy 
My nephew Blayde is Special Needs and it could be so much worse than it is. 
family 
Amos is still alive. 
I am a stay-at-home mom...this gives me the opportunity to spend quality time with my daughter. 
Scott takes great care of Norma and really helps out a tremendous amount at home. 
Playing with the kids 
Invited for supper and WD 
Today i made myself a face mask with some yogurt and honey, after that i felt my skin really shiny and soft (: 
My Sewing Machine, I have so many projects to work on! 
my kids 
the morning my boyfriend spent with me 
my charming smart child. 
God in my life 
residents they are sweet loving and caring and they appreciate me 
I have paid sick time 
I got to spend the day with my husband today. 
having peace and quiet now and again. 
Hubby brought in wood. 
being a grandmother 
My Family 
My sweet kitties 
I have a fluffy, lovebug dog that is quite affectionate and will lay with me on the couch, in my arms, for a long period of time. 
painted kitchen 
Exercised 
My daughter tried to let me sleep in today. 
My soon to be exhusband didn't try to make me cry and he was polite today. 
My honors classes think they are catching on to the skills they need for percent problems. 
my 3 grandchildren 
Iam greatful for being healthy 
Jon expressed himself openly to me last night even though I was inconsolable. 
i have 2 great kids. 
my dogs getting to the groomer today so they smell fresh and feel soft. 
My handsome fiance kissing me good morning 
my husband was home 
My family being in my life 
put wood on the porch! 
The girls who support me in this very hard days and my son who has been very patient 
have the comfort and luxury of being able to go back to school. 
extremely grateful for my support system consisting of my step-dad and my mom as of recent. 
Having my son and grandson 
my children are healthy 
to have a husband that loves and cares for me. 
Dad has moved into a retirement apartment. 
I finally got my son. 
God, my relationship with God. 
Teamwork today made the day go great. 
breakfast with my wife 
my husband being able to go to our grandson's 9th grade orientation meeting with me. 
Saw my nephew's new truck and was so happy for him! 
was able to do a load of laundry and help cook even though i have sinus infection and cough. 
Dillion doing the sale at the school. 
Having a boyfriend who is supportive of me even when I'm really struggling with depression and anxiety. 
Having my daughter in my life has made my life great. 
1. 
My boyfriend made me feel amazing about myself. 
Cian has fixed his behavior at school. 
Clean the house 
went to positive meeting 
got out of the house and took a ride with my granddaughter to get my daughters birthday meal. 
All the laundry is done 
YOGA 
the relationship I have with my mother. 
I awoke feeling okay, not sick. 
I felt better today and my students were very well behaved. 
was grateful to have a day off from my stressful job. 
My Children 
my daily phone conversations with my mom. 
put up some new items on my ebay page, which gave me a feeling of accomplishment even though im feeling ill and havent done much of anything over the past few days. 
Написала отчет по аналитике ВсеТренингов 
have a job 
felt productive at work, like I was getting it, and I was dealing directly with clients, getting more responsibility. 
the beautiful skies, and sunny day. 
laughing in the vanpool to jokes 
completed my midterm and proofread it until the last possible minute! 
My daughter waking me up 
Grateful that I'm working at home today. 
didn't have to face some of my classmates today. 
was grateful that my commute to work took less time than I expected and I didn't slide through any stop signs 
Charity cleaned up downstairs without being asked. 
my kitty, she makes me smile. 
my adult children, my grandson, and my Mom are healthy (for the most part). 
My daughter helped me by cleaning the bathroom all by herself. 
I have my husband and my two children. 
talked with Geneva Bell today...she always makes me feel great :) 
My Daughter's health and happiness. 
saw friends that i had to see for a long time. 
I have good roommates, who are quiet and respect my space, and help around the apartment. 
That my co-worker/subordinate was not late for work. 
was pleasantly surprised to meet another mom at Book Babies storytime today who seemed to have similar experiences. 
my mother 
my family 
visiting The Grove and enjoying the nice weather in SoCal 
Shawn.. 
Got a date scheduled for Sushi tomorrow with a guy I am interested in. 
My husband's love 
Rio came over to see me 
Ronan was incredibly happy to see me. 
a flexible workday - started late, met a friend at lunchtime, worked at home in the afternoon, very thankful for this. 
My dog in the morning 
It's over 
I can live in luxury and have the time to reset my life, I have the time to do what I want each day, I don't have to be so stressed out all the time about school or work, I can jut focus on recreating the life I want now 
Getting better at new job 
That my mom lets me live here and im safe and warm . 
I am able to take care of my parents. 
I have a loving husband. 
was able to get together with a good friend and go for a short jog. 
Today I am grateful that my mum, father, godmother and Uncle came and supported me at my schools student investiture for 2014. 
got groceries and made smoothies to start a healthy regimen 
Education...was able to get into grad school and get financial aid 
Husband does dishes and laundry. 
I have a job 
were able to cook for myself and my family. 
The ants disappeared 
Karen taking Missy out to go potty in the morning so I don't have to get up. 
sent the email with EduCare, which will enable the start of a new phase of activity. 
Chrissy is feeling much better. 
my life 
we can speak about anything and laugh a lot 
having my own homeI'm grateful that it is a good homeI'm grateful that it provides me with safety 
there are so many wonderfull people on earth 
All my family is healthy and living well! 
Having a new home 
Mąż podwiózł mnie do pracy, dzięki czemu nie musiałam dużo wcześniej wstawać z łóżka :) 
I know how bonded we are, how we love each other and this can't be found in other families. 
talking with coworkers 
Being in the position to well raise my baby girl. 
Work stuff 
slept very well 
Grateful for having a loving wife 
Working out Crossfit with my son. 
2/25 - I have great flexibility in my job and was able to go to a meeting & do an act of service for my wife - and get something good out of the day 
My wonderful husband and the daughter we have. 
my health and my family's health 
got a bath... 
shared a laugh with my boss this morning. 
gave up my law studies last year; I feel happier each day for my decision. 
My mother made me gluten free pasta. 
have a family that loves and supports me no matter what. 
First of all it's Friday! 
got a lot of work done today making it so I don't have to work over the weekend! 
He's been taking care of all of the massive amounts of dishes I've been creating from all the cooking I've been doing because of the cleanse I'm on. 
So one noticed that I've lost some weight and told me I was looking good. 
Sandi texting 
husband makes me coffee 
don't want happiness through others' discomfort - but a friend has a problem at home today - a husband who wasn't listening/responding/supporting. 
My operation and the subsequent disasters were the worst thing I ever hope to see. 
writing my three morning pages right after I woke up 
A laugh with the girls in work 
to have a full time job 
Managed projects 
had a phone call with Gege Bears 
It made me very happy yesterday when Nabe told me that she has made some music! 
I got a good night's sleep last night, without any stressful thoughts. 
the beautiful little soul that we created. 
our first child is on his way and everything is so far so good. 
The stability and happiness of my family unit 
Funny moments with friends 
being given the oppitunity 
husband planned a week away for just the two of us. 
my cat Jack. 
Conversation at end of class with lovely, lively and interested student. 
My coworkers 
Gary started work again. 
employment 
Grove texting me 
1. 
my beautiful children. 
completed a tough writing assignment that had been giving me trouble. 
my the companionship of my pets. 
no longer have to worry about working for a demeaning, demoralizing boss. 
Quick and easy response from pnc about iccp/field issue question. 
today because nobody was absent from work & all reports were completed with no discrepancy 
My kiddos are so great at getting themselves ready to go in the morning. 
This morning I was woken up by my husband kissing me everywhere very tenderly and slowly waking me up offering me a coffee. 
Had a great conversation with Supv. 
My parents are paying for me to go to school. 
a home 
Kissing Brian goodbye 
I have a comfy warm bed to sleep in at night/day. 
N. köszönöm a kábelt 
Allison's support during my tough time 
Grateful for a beautiful wife and beautiful daughter. 
Getting more organized and felt positive today 
got home early 
published a "special issue" that had stories people seem to have found useful. 
time with my grandchild 
able to get EI to help with finances while I am off work while waiting for knee surgery 
my children's health. 
the office I am grateful for having my private office 
received an email from a dear friend 
managed to overcome the lack of motivation and went to the gym to make one of my workouts. 
Joe cleaned the house for me 
this past weekend to myself. 
My friends & family make my simple life into something amazing. 
having Nicole, Julie, Alex, Connie, and Joy in my life. 
CSL 
That Clay & Debbie always think about me by giving me sock monkey stuff 
my children are healthy and safe 
my husband and that he loves me enough to keep trying for Us. 
Friends reaching out to meet up and arrange dates 
i have a home 
the people I work with. 
divorced from a man who liked to control and abuse me. 
Lisa who comes and cleans my home and takes care of my 'stuff'. 
My wonderful family. 
gets lots of hugs from the children each day 
my loving grandma who prays for me every single day. 
got to make some dr appointments today 
my daughter and grandchildren are coming home today. 
Washing machine 
got the house tidy today including the dishes and laundry. 
Healthy family 
received a job offer and was told that I seemed like a great fit and worthy of calling off the candidate selection process early to offer me the job. 
my education, my pets and my family. 
my family lives in a nice neighborhood 
Student progress 
feeling good today 
went to class and took a test 
working with a fantastic core of teachers who are willing to listen to me, are very supportive, and best of all my friends. 
the fortune i've found this website. 
family 
new opportunities. 
visited with a friend 
I have a daughter that loves to snuggle. 
It was a sunny day and driving was nice. 
when I got home from therapy, I had a few minutes alone to collect my thoughts and feel more ready to parent when everyone else got home. 
The sewer pipe. 
The first thing that brightened my day was Kit waiting for me outside the bathroom. 
MY HUSBAND, MY 2 SONS AND MY PUPPIES 
to be able to be with one of my children daily 
Finding joy, laughter, and feeling like I am part of something that is not just about me. 
My kids 
took a walk with the dogs 
my little dog Molly. 
food 
Thankful for my roommate making dinner for us tonight instead of me. 
Waking up this morning in my right mind 
My family is healthy 
Being able to get my mother settled at home after surgery. 
my husband still loves me. 
My Job 
Phil Played with christopher 
FAMILY, 
Walking the dog on a beautiful day. 
my cat 
got to work safe and sound 
the
